“Is Bakugou, like, your secret sugar daddy or something?” Kaminari asks.

Eijirou promptly spits out his tea.

“Dude, gross!” Kaminari yelps, flinching away as Eijirou coughs and slams a fist into his chest to clear his windpipe.

“What the hell?” he rasps, still trying to clear his throat. Thankfully they're on break so the classroom is mostly empty, but the students that had stayed are staring at them and he grabs a napkin to wipe up the mess. “Where did that even come from?” he asks, lowering his voice. Next to him, Kaminari shrugs.

“I don’t know,” he says, and Eijirou glances across the room to where Bakugou is sitting. He has his head phones in and hasn’t even looked up at the commotion. Eijirou breathes a sigh of relief. “Just seems like ever since Kamino, he’s always buying you stuff.”

“What- that’s not even-,” Eijirou splutters, shifting his attention back to Kaminari. “Kamino doesn’t even count. You know how he is, man, that was just his way of saying thank you for the rescue.” But before Eijirou can finish, Kaminari is already shaking his head.

“I didn’t see him giving money to anyone else,” he says, and when Eijirou opens his mouth Kaminari bulldozes right over him. “Besides, didn’t he pay for your lunch yesterday?”

“How did you-” Eijirou starts and then cuts himself off, flushing. But Kaminari’s already heard him and shoots him a knowing grin before craning around in his seat to wave Sero over. Eijirou panics, frantically miming at Kaminari to keep quiet but the boy pays him no attention.

“Sero, isn’t Bakugou Kirishima’s sugar daddy?” he asks as soon as Sero sits down.

Sero blinks. “Come again?”

At that, Eijirou grins, shooting Kaminari a smug look and Kaminari face palms. “Come on,” he says, dragging out the words as he runs his hand through his hair, “you’re telling me you really haven’t noticed?” But Sero only looks confused and Kaminari groans. “The night vision goggles? The lunches?”

“Guess it’s just wishful thinking on your part, dude,” Eijirou starts to say, but Sero interrupts him.

“What’s this about lunches?”

“Nothing!” Eijirou yelps, trying to physically insert himself between the two, but Kaminari just shoves a hand into his face so he can address Sero.

“Bakugou’s been buying Kirishima lunch,” he says, leaning over like he’s sharing government secrets. “I only saw it once but who knows how long it’s been going on.”

“Once,” Eijirou sighs, “the answer is once.”

He doesn’t mention the vending machine snacks or arcade tokens Bakugou had bought him the day before. It doesn’t matter either way - Kaminari and Sero still don’t look convinced.

x

Eijirou isn’t sure why it’s such a big deal - it’s not like food and tokens amount to much in the long run. Walking back to the dorms with Bakugou he tries to think back to the lunch incident, analyze it from a different perspective.

It hadn’t seemed that weird at the time. They had been waiting in line in the cafeteria, Bakugou a step ahead of him as they picked their entrees and side dishes off the serving line, and Bakugou had bought his lunch. He hadn’t said anything, just whipped out enough money to pay for the both of them while Eijirou had been waffling over the desert options. By the time Eijirou had made it to the cashier, she was already moving on to the next person and Bakugou was yelling at him to hurry up.

“You paid for me?” he’d asked as he sat down and Bakugou had looked at him like he was an idiot. Eijirou laughed. “Thanks dude! Next time is my treat.”

Then Bakugou had glared at him, told him to shut up and eat, and that had been it. Just a friend buying another friend lunch. Nothing to write home about.

But now that Kaminari and Sero are freaking out about it, he realizes that he never did pay Bakugou back. That was pretty unmanly. He grimaces.

“What’s wrong with you?” Bakugou barks. Eijirou jolts. While he’d been lost in thought, they’d made it back to the dorms and now Bakugou is standing on the steps, looking back at him.

“Nothing,” he says, guilt pooling in his stomach. Bakugou’s eyes narrow and Eijirou tries to think of some way he can pay Bakugou back without triggering one of his ego’s many landmines. “Just- do you want to get something to eat?”

“We just had lunch two hours ago and you’re already hungry?” Bakugou asks and Eijirou frowns.

“No, I’m good,” he says. Truth be told, he actually is a little hungry, but there’s no point in trying to treat Bakugou to food if he’s already full. He looks down, brows drawing together as he mulls over his options, and above him Bakugou sighs.

“Let’s go,” he grumbles as he stalks back down the stairs, grabbing Eijirou’s shoulder and spinning him around as he passes.

“Where are we going?” Eijirou asks but Bakugou doesn’t say anything, staying silent all the way to the Kiyashi-ward shopping district. The streets there are lined with shops and restaurants and Eijirou can’t help but look around. He can see everything from bookstores to boutiques to game centers, and for once Bakugou isn’t yelling at him to hurry up, content to let him browse.

And even though Eijirou has no idea what had made Bakugou decide to bring him here, it’s the perfect opportunity to pay him back so he doesn’t question it.

One of the storefronts catches his eye and he nudges Bakugou. “Didn’t you say you needed some more weights?”

Bakugou looks at the place, then back to Eijirou. “Thought we were here for food, Shitty Hair,” he says, but he immediately switches tacks, leading the way into the store. Inside is a plethora of sports gear and they weave their way to the fitness section in the back, Eijirou eyeing the price tags as they go. Any one of the dumbbells or medicine balls could easily make up for what he owes, and he grins, idly looking over the selection as he waits for Bakugou to make a choice.

As he wanders farther down the aisle, he spots a set of wrist and ankle weights and thinks of Midoriya and the way he’s always training to get stronger even when they’re in class. But even while he looks them over, he knows he won’t be able to get them and pay Bakugou back at the same time. So he gives them one last longing look before setting them back on the rack. Maybe he can come back and get them later when he has a little more money.

When he glances up, Bakugou is looking at him.

It’s not his usual scowl, more thoughtful and considering than irritated. The expression softens his face and Eijirou grins. “What’s up?” he asks, wandering closer, “find something you wanted?” And Bakugou is still looking at him but his brows are drawing together now, like he’s trying to figure something out.

“Why’d you put them back?” Bakugou asks. When Eijirou just blinks at him, he rolls his eyes and juts his chin to indicate the weights set.

“Oh,” Eijirou says, eyes sliding away to the right. He can’t say that he doesn’t have the money for them, then turn around and buy whatever Bakugou’s getting - he’d immediately know something was up. So he just shrugs and says, “Wrong size.”

Bakugou squints at him. “There’s a whole goddamned rack of them and none of them are your size?” Eijirou stares at him like a deer caught in the headlights - or his own lie - and Bakugou growls, stalking over to the weights. “What’s your size?”

And Eijirou hadn’t really thought this far ahead and doesn’t know how to respond because there’s no way his size isn’t in that rack. “It’s cool, dude, I didn’t really want them anyway,” he tries to say, but Bakugou shoots him a glare so sharp it cuts him off.

“Size,” Bakugou bites out and Eijirou rattles it off.

Bakugou grunts, rifling through until he finds the correct one, but instead of giving it to Eijirou he just walks off. Eijirou stares after him, confused, and it takes him a second to follow but by the time he catches up, Bakugou is already paying at the register.

“It’s cool, I got it,” he says, scrambling to pull out his wallet, but Bakugou just shoves the bag into his chest on his way out of the store, crumpling the receipt in his hand.

“What the fuck do you want to eat?” he grumbles over his shoulder.

Eijirou stares down at the weights set in his arms and tries to make sense of whatever’s happening.

“Takoyaki,” he blurts.

x

Eijirou’s in the common room scrolling through google search results for “sugar daddy” when Sero finds him.

“Does this mean what I think it means?” he asks, plopping down on the couch next to him and Eijirou sighs.

“We went to Kiyashi-ward,” Eijirou mumbles, and when Sero waves a hand at him, he continues. “He bought me weights... and takoyaki... and yakisoba.”

Sero, bless his heart, doesn’t laugh or say “I told you so.” He just nods and scratches his chin, and Eijirou is suddenly so grateful that it’s Sero and not Kaminari that found him. Kaminari is one of his best friends but he’s not exactly sensitive or tactful and the last thing he needs is someone immediately poking fun.

“And you don’t like that?” Sero guesses. Eijirou gives a little shrug.

“I don’t know, man,” he says, running a hand over his face, “I guess I just feel guilty. He keeps buying me things but won’t let me treat him back. Feels like I’m taking advantage of him.” He gives an explosive sigh and waits while Sero thinks over a response.

“Well, did you find anything useful?” Sero finally asks, skimming through the search results, but Eijirou shakes his head.

“Mostly a bunch of porn,” he admits, and when Sero laughs it helps ease the tension from his shoulders rather than making him defensive.

“Hand me that,” Sero says, still smiling, and Eijirou gives him the computer. “You’ve got to know what to search.” He switches around some of the search terms, making them more specific and adding a few search commands, and this time the search results are more helpful, ranging from personal anecdotes to scientific research. He hands the computer back and Eijirou marvels at him.

“What kind of black magic-” Eijirou says and Sero laughs again, shoving at Eijirou’s face before leaning over his shoulder to read along with him.

Most of the articles say the same things: that the benefit for the sugar daddy is in the satisfaction from seeing their baby using the items they’d bought for them. There are other benefits too, usually romantic and - Eijirou blushes - sexual in nature, but that seems to be the main gist of it. Eijirou frowns, considering.

Bakugou is definitely attractive, and he’d be lying if he said his eyes hadn’t lingered in the locker rooms occasionally, but it had never occurred to him that Bakugou might like him back. He’s not even sure if Bakugou is really aiming to be his sugar daddy or if he’s just treating him out of some misplaced sense of obligation.

But when he says as much, Sero just looks at him. “When has Bakugou ever felt obligated to do anything?” he asks, and Eijirou has to agree with him. It is pretty rare.

But still. He needs more proof.

x

He wears the weights to school the next day.

They’re heavy but slim enough to fit perfectly under his uniform, only peaking out whenever he stretches his arms. They’re actually a great workout - Eijirou will have to thank Midoriya for that - but the real reason he’s wearing them is to see Bakugou’s reaction. If it’s true that the reward for a sugar daddy is satisfaction, then he’ll have to put it to the test. So he lets his blazer pull back ever so slightly throughout the day, flashing glimpses of the weights for Bakugou to see.

The effect is immediate.

Bakugou watches him all day. Eijirou had intended to shoot furtive glances his way to study Bakugou’s behavior but he doesn’t even get the chance with the way Bakugou is constantly staring at him. Sero definitely sees it too, but when Eijirou catches his eye all he does is raise his brows and shrug.

It’s definitely proof of something as far as Eijirou is concerned. He can feel the blond’s gaze like a physical pressure on his cheek and it’s distracting. The longer it goes on, the redder he gets, and the redder he gets, the more Bakugou stares. By the end of the day his face is the same color as his hair and Aizawa-Sensei is sending him out of the classroom to see Recovery Girl.

what are you going to do? Sero texts him as he makes his way down the hall.

Eijirou wishes he had an answer.

There’s nothing physically wrong with him, of course, but Recovery Girl still stares at him suspiciously when he leaves her office. At this point classes are already over and he heads back to his dorm room to drop off his stuff. He needs to go find Sero, maybe figure out a game plan with him, but when the elevator doors open on the second level, Bakugou is waiting by his door.

He jumps.

“About fucking time,” Bakugou gripes, crossing his arms. He’s already changed into a tank top and sweats and his muscles bulge against his broad chest. “You gonna let me in or what?”

Eijirou swallows. “Sure, man,” he says easily enough, pretending not to notice the way Bakugou’s eyes zero in on his wrist as he opens the door.

He goes inside and Bakugou trails after him, hands in his pockets. Eijirou feels jittery but he can’t pinpoint why. Bakugou’s been in his room plenty of times before but for some reason the air feels too close this time, like having the two of them in here together is taking up all the space in the room. He tries to shake off the feeling.

“What’s up?” he asks and Bakugou’s eyes flick up to him.

“What? I can’t come in here now?” he snarks and he’s right, normally Eijirou would have no problem. He needs to quit acting so weird or Bakugou’s going to notice. So he just laughs and makes himself comfortable on the floor. After a moment, Bakugou relaxes and sits next to him. “The fuck did Recovery Girl say?”

“Just to keep hydrated,” Eijirou says, “but otherwise I’m all good.”  Bakugou nods like he was expecting as much.

“How are the weights?” he asks a moment later and it’s so casual that in any other circumstance Eijirou wouldn’t have noticed it. But he’s hyper aware of the way Bakugou is shifting next to him, thumbing at Eijirou’s sleeve before grasping his wrist and weighing it in his palm.

“They’re great,” he rasps, and Bakugou’s smile is slow and dark, his eyes like banked coals.

“Good,” he says. Eijirou watches his mouth form the word and feels his own tongue wet his lips. Bakugou’s grip tightens on the weight and it feels like the air in the room is tightening too, pulling them closer and closer to a line Eijirou really, really wants to cross.

He clears his throat. “I really like them,” he says. Bakugou hums, his hand pushing back Eijirou’s sleeve to see the way the weight looks against his skin, and Eijirou rambles on. “They’re a great workout. I feel like I’m working every muscle in my body. Now I know why Midoriya does this-”

“What?” Bakugou asks. Eijirou’s mouth snaps shut. “Did you want these because of fucking Deku?” His pleased look is quickly devolving into anger and Eijirou wants to slap himself for being so stupid. “You trying to impress him or some shit? That goddamn shitstain of a nerd?!” He shoots to his feet and Eijirou scrambles after him.

“No! I mean, well yeah, technically I got the idea from him-” he says but Bakugou is already leaving, slamming the door so hard behind him that the walls shake.

Eijirou sighs.

Fuck.

x

Bakugou doesn’t talk to him the whole next day.

He had kind of expected as much but it still hurts when Bakugou straight up turns his head away and sticks in earphones at his greeting. It stuns everyone watching into a silence that’s only broken when Midoriya - the angel - hurries to return the greeting instead. That, in turn, unleashes a tirade of expletives so strong that it practically singes Eijirou’s eyebrows. He’s almost glad when Iida starts yelling for him to get to his seat.

“Trouble in paradise?” Kaminari asks when he sits down. Sero smacks him.

“I messed up,” he groans and next to him Ashido leans in.

“Is this about the sugar daddy thing?” she whispers. Eijiriou glares at Kaminari who at least has the decency to look guilty.

“Anybody else you’ve told about this?” he hisses. Both Ashido and Kaminari shake their heads and Eijirou breathes a sigh of relief and sinks into his desk. That, at least, is one less worry to deal with.

It’s the only break he gets for the rest of the day.

For some reason the universe feels the need to pair Eijirou with Midoriya for every conceivable class assignment. During field exercises they spar together. During English, Present Mic pairs them up for group work. They even end up sitting next to each other at lunch.

And it’s not that Eijirou hates Midoriya - far from it, he thinks the guy is awesome if a little skittish - but every single time they’re together he can feel Bakugou’s gaze spearing him like a lance. And he knows it’s even worse for Midoriya. The dude is trying so hard not to focus on the killer aura emanating from Bakugou that he can barely pay attention in class - and coming from someone as academically enthusiastic as him, that’s saying something.

Eijirou tries to help him out as much as he can - after all it’s unfair for him to suffer for something he literally has no part of and doesn’t even know about. But everything he does blows up in his face. When he calls Bakugou out, Midoriya ends up getting the brunt of his rage. When he tries to alleviate some of the tension and make Midoriya laugh, Bakugou turns murderous. Midoriya’s too nice to outright tell him to his face but Eijirou can see the look in his eyes begging him to just stop.

So Eijirou feels like shit the whole day, not only because Bakugou still refuses to acknowledge his existence, but also because he can’t even spare Midoriya from the fallout of his weird sugar daddy relationship that he hadn’t even known he’d had until yesterday.

He groans as he drags his feet back to the dorms, Sero, Kaminari, and Ashido beside him. Ashido pats his back.

“Bakugou was extra blasty today,” she says. “What did you do?”

“Nothing!” he whines. But when she just stares at him, he caves and puts his face in his hands. “He thinks I wanted one of his gifts to impress Midoriya.”

Ashido whistles while Kaminari just winces. “No wonder he was giving Midoriya the stank eye all day,” he says.

“So what do you do when your sugar daddy’s mad at you?” Ashido asks, a finger to her chin.

As one, she and Kaminari look at Eijirou. Eijirou, in turn, looks to Sero.

Sero blinks. “Why are you looking at me?”

“Come on, dude, you’re the one with the black magic. You gotta help me!”

“It’s Google search terms, not magic.”

“You gotta.”

“Okay!” Sero rubs the bridge of his nose. “Let’s come up with a game plan.” Ashido, Kaminari, and Eijirou all cheer and Sero shakes his head, leading the way into the dorms.

They’re heading to the elevator, about to take it to the fifth floor when Shouji stops them. “Eijirou,” he calls, and they all stop as Eijirou breaks off from the group. “There was a package for you. I left it in front of your room.”

“Really? Thanks, man!” he says, smiling. Shouji nods and goes off to join Tokoyami in the common room and Eijirou rejoins his friends to head to the second floor instead.

When the doors open, he immediately sees the package. It’s bigger than he was expecting, and Kaminari, Ashido, and Sero all trail after him as he moves to open it. Inside is a hoodie, red and black and with a vintage design that’s reminiscent of Crimson Riot’s hero costume. There’s no name on the address but they all immediately know who it’s from.

“Guess we don’t have to come up with a game plan after all,” Ashido says. Eijirou shoots her a confused glance. “Don’t you know? When your sugar daddy sends you clothes, what he’s really saying is’Let me take those off.’”

x

Eijirou’s never felt more exposed in his life.

He feels this on a physical level - somehow Ashido’s convinced him that wearing the hoodie and nothing else was a good idea, and the fabric only just covers his crotch - but also on an emotional level. He knows what to do but he’s not mentally prepared yet. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever be mentally prepared.

After a few minutes of silent sweating and psyching himself up, he leaves his room and knocks on Bakugou’s door.

No response.

He knows Bakugou is in there - Kaminari and Sero had taken the liberty of confirming that by talking through his door until Bakugou had exploded at them to shut up. But the longer he stands in the hallway, the more paranoid he gets that the elevator is going to ding open and someone will see him standing around outside of Bakugou’s door half-naked.

He takes a deep breath and tries again, tacking on a “Bakugou?” for good measure.

Still nothing.

He’s debating the merits of knocking a third time when Bakugou’s door swings open.

“What the fuck do you-” Bakugou snarls then stops, wide eyed.

Eijirou fidgets, his fingers playing with the hem of his jacket, and Bakugou’s gaze follows the movement.

“Um. I got your gift,” Eijirou tries when the silence stretches out. He had been anticipating yelling or door slamming or explosions but this non-reaction is more than he can handle. Bakugou still doesn’t say anything, just lets his gaze roam, and Eijirou’s almost as red as his jacket now but he refuses to give up. “I like it. Thank you.”

He says the last bit quietly, mouth almost hidden in the jacket collar. He looks up through his lashes just in time to see the way Bakugou’s smile uncurls, dark and promising. His teeth glint in the light. Eijirou shivers.

“Get in here,” Bakugou rumbles, but he doesn’t wait for Eijirou to move, just reaches and pulls him forward.

Eijirou stumbles inside, almost falling against Bakugou’s chest. The door clicks shut behind him and he swallows.

“I- um...” he tries, but it’s hard to think. Bakugou’s hand is still fisted in the hem of his jacket, dangerously close to resting on Eijirou’s bare thigh, and Bakugou uses it to maneuver them farther into the room, eyes never leaving Eijirou’s face.

“You like it,” Bakugou says, and it’s not really a question but Eijirou nods anyway.

“It’s soft,” he rasps, then clears his throat quietly. “It feels good.”

Bakugou hums. His free hand wanders up to his sleeve, smoothing along the fabric from wrist to elbow, like he needs to check for himself. Eijirou watches him do it.

“And you wanted to show me?”

This time it is a question and Eijirou hesitates. Now seems like as good a time as any to bring up the sugar daddy thing but he’s unsure how to do it without sounding like a two bit porn star. He settles for, “You bought it for me, so I wanted to wear it for you.”

“Just for me?” Bakugou asks. His hand spreads wider on Eijirou’s hip.

Eijirou shifts, face on fire, but he nods.

He sees the exact moment Bakugou realizes he isn’t wearing any underwear.

Bakugou’s mouth falls open on a breath and he sits back on his bed, pulling Eijirou between his legs. His hands curve around to grip Eijirou’s ass and he never realized how big Bakugou’s hands were until he feels the warmth of them bleeding through the fabric.

“About fucking time,” he says and his voice is harsh. “You better know what the fuck you’re getting into, Shitty Hair, or I’ll tear you to shreds.”

His fingers dig into Eijirou’s ass and he gasps. “I know. I promise, Bakugou, I know.”

Before he even finishes, Bakugou’s pulling him into his lap, practically manhandling him and Eijirou’s already breathless.

“Fucking cocktease,” Bakugou swears, breathing hard and fast against Eijirou’s throat. He pulls him down into a kiss and Eijirou immediately whines at the hot slide of Bakugou’s tongue against him, licking into his mouth like he owns it. He angles his head to get deeper, hands grabbing at Bakugou’s neck so he can keep him close, grinding down against him so he can get some fucking relief. He’s hard under his jacket - he knows Bakugou is too, he can feel him straining through his sweats - and the fabric feels so good against his balls.

“Show me,” Bakugou slurs against his lips. He groans when Eijirou rolls his hips, hands sliding down to grip his ass and pull him down harder. “Let me see you unzip it.”

Eijirou nods. The last thing he wants to do is break this kiss but the way Bakugou’s using him, fucking up against him, turns him on so much he thinks he might die. So he pulls back, reaching up to yank down the zipper.

“Slowly, goddamn it, fucking do it slow,” Bakugou growls.

So Eijirou does - puts a hand on Bakugou’s knee and leans back so he’s stretched out and on full display. The jacket hem pulls up a bit as he moves and Bakugou swallows.

“You want a show?” he asks, rolling his hips as he drags the zipper down, slow enough he can feel the zip hit each metal tooth. Bakugou’s eyes follow the movement, drinking in every inch of exposed skin. “Want me to call you daddy too?”

He’s only half teasing but Bakugou isn’t teasing at all when he answers.

“Yes, fuck yes,” he whispers, mouth falling open on a moan. Eijirou’s dick twitches.

The front of Bakugou’s sweats are already wet and it slicks against him as he grinds down even faster. “Daddy,” he says, tasting the sound of it in his mouth. It feels almost like a question, but Bakugou fucks up harder against him, clawing at him to keep him in place, and the next one comes out breathless, more obscene.

“Louder,” Bakugou growls. “I wanna hear who the fuck you’re grinding on.” He leans forward and mouths up Eijirou’s chest to his throat and bites.

“Shit, oh my-” Eijirou pants, arching his neck to give Bakugou more space. He can’t even finish the sentence, mouth falling into an “o” as Bakugou’s dick thrusts against him just right. His thighs are shaking, it feels so good, and he’s going to come in the next two seconds if they don’t stop right now. “Stop, Daddy ah-! Stop please, you’re gonna make me-!” His balls are already drawing up, back arching, and he didn’t think he was a screamer but he’s going to be so loud.

Bakugou’s hand shoots out lightning fast, wrapping around him and squeezing. “Get on the bed,” he says and the look in his eyes says he’s going to tear Eijirou apart.

Eijirou gulps. The jacket fans around him as he moves to lie down, and he feels exposed again - almost completely naked while Bakugou still has all his clothes. It’s embarrassing but he likes it, wants to feel more of it.

Then a few seconds later Bakugou slides between his spread thighs, slick fingers prodding at his hole.

“God,” he groans, licking down Eijirou’s thigh and dangerously close to his dick. He works in a finger and Eijirou bites his lip, clenches down until he can feel every movement spark along his rim. “Wanted to fuck you in that stupid jacket the moment I bought it. Wanted to feel it against me while you bounced on my dick.” Eijirou moans, writhing against the sheets as Bakugou grinds inside him, rolling his finger against his walls. Bakugou mouths at him, moving down to nip the skin between his leg and hip. Eijirou jumps and Bakugou grins. “Got off thinking about it. Twice.”

“You’re driving me crazy,” Eijirou whines. But Bakugou just slips in another finger and drags his tongue over his balls.

“Beg for it,” he says, panting hot and heavy on him, and Eijirou keens.

“Oh god- Daddy, please!” He almost screams it but he couldn’t care less about who might hear them. “Suck me, lick me, I don’t care, please just-”

Bakugou sucks his balls into his mouth, rolling them around on his tongue, and Eijirou’s toes curl. He wants to memorize the way Bakugou’s head looks, nestled between his spread thighs - wants to memorize the feel of his hair brushing over his cock. His fingers are massaging inside him, pushing hard enough that Eijirou’s hips are sliding on the bed, and then he finds that sweet spot and fire burns up Eijirou’s spine. Bakugou licks at him, swallows him down, and Eijirou digs his feet into the mattress trying to get closer to Bakugou’s mouth. But Bakugou holds him down while he plays with him, sucks him like a vacuum, and finally Eijirou can’t take it anymore.

“I’m ready,” he groans, “I’m ready, come on.” He grabs at Bakugou’s shoulders and tugs at him, and Bakugou complies, licking a long stripe up Eijirou’s dick as he moves up.

“Impatient,” he says, smirking. But he doesn’t waste any time rolling on a condom and lining himself up. “I’m gonna fucking ruin you,” he pants, and his breath fans over Eijirou’s ear like a promise.

Eijirou whimpers.

The first thrust is so good he has to bite his sleeve to keep from screaming. Bakugou’s thick and the stretch is just on the right side of painful, an ache that makes his dick twitch.  But Bakugou’s face is even better.

He’s staring, memorizing the way Eijirou’s face looks biting down on the fabric even as he fucks in deeper, grinding hard when he bottoms out. And Eijirou loves the attention, wants to drive Bakugou crazy, so he plays it up, looking up from under his lashes as he mouths at the sleeve until it’s slick with spit.

“Harder, Daddy” he breathes.

“Jesus fucking Christ,” Bakugou swears and his hands latch on Eijirou’s hips like a vice, holding him down while he fucks him into the mattress.

Eijirou screams.

Bakugou’s hips are slamming against his ass and they’re so close that he can feel his nipples dragging along Bakugou’s chest, his cock squished between them. “You want harder?” Bakugou hisses, voice stuttering he’s moving so fast. “You won’t be able to feel your fucking legs after I’m done with you.” Eijirou muffles his moan in his sleeve and Bakugou leans forward to bite at it too, licking and mouthing at it until feels like they’re kissing.

Eijirou’s chest heaves and there are spots dancing in front of his eyes but he still snakes his free hand down to grip Bakugou’s ass, pulling him closer and feeling the way the muscles clench with every thrust. His skin is slick with sweat and Eijirou has to dig his nails in to keep his grip. Bakugou snarls, fucks him even harder, and Eijirou knows he’s less than five seconds from coming.

“Shit,” he says and it’s hardly more than a whisper because he can’t get any air in his lungs. “I think I’m gonna fucking pass out.” He can feel Bakugou’s sweat dripping on him, can feel his balls slapping against his ass, and he doesn’t even care that he’s about to come untouched. And Bakugou lets go of his hip so he can pull Eijirou’s hand away from his mouth and down between them.

“Cum on it,” he pants, pushing the sleeve against his tip as he breathes against his lips, “cum on it.”

Eijirou eyes roll up into his head and he cums, clenching down hard as he streaks the sleeve with white. There’s so much it’s soaking through the fabric and Bakugou watches every second, even as his own orgasm punches him in the gut, thrusts stuttering as his mouth falls open on a curse.

And Eijirou’s right. He does pass out.

x

When he wakes up, the jacket is zipped up again and he’s lying on Bakugou’s chest, legs straddling his waist. One of Bakugou’s hands is resting on the back of his thigh, stroking up and down in time with their breathing. Eijirou shivers.

“How long was I out?” he rasps. His sleeve is tacky with cum and he blushes but doesn’t bother getting up - he’s too comfortable and if Bakugou wanted him to move he would have said so by now.

“Few minutes,” Bakugou grunts, scrolling through his phone. His fingertips stroke along Eijirou’s inner thigh, brushing designs into the skin, and instead of feeling seductive it feels possessive, like Bakugou just has the right to touch wherever he pleases now. Eijirou smiles.

“That was...” he starts but he can’t find the right words so he just trails off.

Bakugou gets it though, a pleased hum vibrating his chest as he smirks down at Eijirou.

Eijirou blushes. “So...am I your sugar baby then?”

It feels even more embarrassing saying it out loud but Bakugou doesn’t bat an eye, going back to his phone.

“Thought that was fucking obvious,” he growls. His hand traces up until it circles just under Eijirou’s ass.

“Okay,” Eijirou says and snuggles into his neck.

They lie there for a moment, just feeling each other breathe, until finally curiosity overcomes him and Eijirou props his head up.

“What are you looking at?” he asks and Bakugou’s smirk grows even wider. He tilts the phone so Eijirou can see.

“The clothes I’m going to fuck you in next,” he purrs.