“Come outside later. It’s about your quirk.”

The words echo in Izuku’s mind as if they were yelled into the open night sky; even as he trails behind the silent blonde with the dorm building growing smaller in the distance and they leave it and their oblivious schoolmates in their wake. He can hear them, and even feel them, weighing him down heavily.

Kacchan had approached Deku with the invitation- no, it was more like an ultimatum- to meet him away from the dormitory to talk. With every attempt to get Katsuki to tell him what they’re doing, where they’re going, what he wants to talk about, he receives only silence and Katsuki’s agitated hunched over posture in response.

Trailing behind Kacchan isn’t anything new to Izuku. He’s done it his whole life, his devotion to his friend never unyielding. Entering U.A together not only allowed him to watch Kacchan in fascination as he continued to grow but let Deku flourish as well, closing in the chasmal rift that had been created between them.

Ground Beta was Katsuki’s destination, and he stands still on the spot as he takes in the faux-cityscape around them. “This is where I fought you for the very first time in combat training- and lost.” His voice is an eerie kind of calm, something Deku isn't quite used to hearing.

Izuku can only watch in silence as Katsuki slowly spills and bleeds his thoughts and feelings into the space around them, his words hanging between them like smokey remnants from a fire, thick and suffocating and throat-burning.

“Just thinking about it made me sick to my stomach.”

“By a miracle, you got accepted to UA, and by an even bigger miracle, your quirk manifested out of thin air…”

“You’ve been growing more and more this whole god damn time, you even got your provisional license, and I fucking failed!”

Izuku makes an attempt to defend himself. To explain how it was not just luck, not a miracle, not some gift he’d been given with no repercussions, but something he’s worked hard for; trained himself to exhaustion and beyond- but Katsuki shuts him down with a resonant, “Shut the hell up and listen!”

Katsuki had seen the evidence; he’d put the pieces together because he’s not stupid. Between Izuku’s change and accelerated growth, All Might’s interest in the smaller boy, and the hero’s recent loss of strength...

“You got that power from All Might, didn’t you?”

Izuku stays silent, stewing in his punishment for not protecting the secret, his body stiff and hunched with bated breath. Regardless, Katsuki continues to make an attempt to extract an answer from him, demanding the truth, wanting to not only hear it but see it.

“You’re gonna fight me, right here, right now!”

That was the last thing Izuku expected to do out on the training grounds way past curfew. Kacchan’s never been much of a rule breaker; even being out this late was pushing it, and fighting unsupervised was definitely something that would get them in big trouble if they were caught. He tries to bargain, plead, anything to get Kacchan to change his mind, but the blonde has no intentions.

“I want to confirm exactly what’s so great about you that All Might himself would go that far for you.”

“If your aspiration was so much greater than mine...then does that mean my aspirations were wrong the whole time?!”

There’s a small crack in the stone mask Katsuki always wears; it’s raw, bleeding, and painful, like an open wound festering from going untreated, and Izuku was weak to it because that’s not the Kacchan he knows. The Kacchan that has always been so confident and sure of himself, with an ego that no one could rival.

He was quick to patch it up and in an instant, the literally explosive blonde was coming at Izuku fast with hands blazing; a trail of smoke in his wake and a huge explosion when he reaches his target, which Deku is barely able to avoid in time.

Izuku doesn't want to fight, because it’s useless. It won't solve anything, and will only leave them worse for wear. He dodges every explosion aimed his way, taking or blocking every kick, punch, knee, and elbow.

A well-aimed teeth-clattering kick to the face drops Katsuki like a bag of bricks and in the halted assault, with smoke and dust drifting through their personal battlefield, Izuku couldn’t help but fall back into old habits, running forward to offer a hand to his childhood friend. “Kacchan! Are you alr-”

“Don’t you fucking worry about me!” Offended and with no hesitation, Katsuki violently shoves the offered hand away while scrambling to his feet, panting heavily in an agitated huff.

Without warning the dam burst and a flood of emotions comes rushing forward, leaving a broken trail of vulnerability in its path-

“How did I end up chasing the back of a shithead who was always trailing behind me?!”

“You were being recognized by All Might even though I was getting stronger too...  So why did I become the reason for All Might’s end?!  ”

Every painful insecurity, every ounce of inadequacy and frustration spilled and flowed, along with Kacchan’s pent-up fury and Izuku is left in a stunned silence because he never knew Kacchan felt this way. Never knew he had been carrying this burden the whole time.

“If I had been stronger...none of that would have ever happened…”

Izuku knew this fight was meaningless. Knew that it didn’t matter who was the winner or the loser. He knew that this time, it wasn’t the result of the brawl but the battle itself because even though it’s far from healthy, they’ve never been so great with words and actions have always been louder.

Katsuki is once again on the offensive, propelling himself forward in a burst of light and sound, and at that moment Deku knew what he had to do because he's the only person who would ever be able to receive Kacchan’s feelings.

The resulting clash is a jumbled mess of smoke, dust, and chewed up pavement as the physical manifestation of Katsuki’s feelings is unleashed and Izuku makes his best attempt to match him blow for blow. Moves and abilities are learned and predicted and the cogs in Izuku’s hero-worshiping brain turn as he can see and admire how Kacchan has changed and grown. His skills are much sharper and his reflexes much faster than before. He can’t help but notice, because he’s been studying Kacchan for years now, watching every move, achievement, and improvement in unfaltering enthrallment.

Kneeling on the broken roadway, Izuku pants and gasps, trying to fill his burning lungs with air, though his face holds a grin and a newfound fire burns in his eyes, “I know I’m stating the obvious, but you’re really getting stronger.”

While praise has always been something Katsuki craved and thrived off of, Izuku’s admiration was never something he was adept at handling. Katsuki snarls, shaking his head in frustration. “No matter how much I beat the shit out of you, you kept holding on and coming at me! Always looking at me from above with those damn eyes, even though you never had a damn thing!”

The pregnant pause that fills their literal and metaphorical warzone is short lived as Katsuki flies at Izuku once more, the onslaught even faster and more violent than before. Izuku is thrown back, recoiling from another massive blast; one which matched the highly explosive intensity of Kacchan’s volatile emotions.

“It’s as if this whole time, you were looking down at me with disdain, trying to surpass me; and THAT, I can’t fucking stand!”

They're each at a standstill, rooted to the spot and Izuku is open-mouthed and stunned. The two had been together as long as they could remember, but had never exposed their true feelings or talked things out. The fact that Katsuki could even think to feel this way about Izuku was mind-blowing. Baffling. He’s only ever looked to Katsuki with stars in his eyes; with a wide-eyed fascination that could only be rivaled by All Might himself.

“Y-you thought of me that way…?” Izuku’s voice is soft, unsure, and honestly? Hurt. He couldn’t see how his constant commendation and devotion could ever be seen as something negative.

He shakes off the painful confession. “You’re right, though. I did have nothing, and that’s exactly why, to the same extent as all of your unpleasant traits, your sheer amazingness at everything you do was so brilliant to me, it was blinding!” Izuku’s own buildup of emotions crackles like lightning as the tingle of One for All begins to flow through and around his body. “You, who had so many things that I never had...to me, you were an amazing and inspiring person, who was even closer to me than All Might!”

Izuku lunges forward, taking advantage of Kacchan’s daze, the blonde still grounded to the spot from Deku’s air-clearing confession. The power that surged through his body felt different than before; 5% Full Cowl had been the upper limit in which Izuku could handle One for All, though now, fighting an even match with someone he’s always admired and strived to become, he could finally recognize how much he had improved. How trained and polished he had become. The bar had been raised as 8% flowed through him and he wound up a kick that was too fast and strong and Katsuki knew he would never be able to avoid.

“I’ve finally caught up to you, Kacchan!”

The attack was met by retaliation that he squeezed into a small window due to Katsuki’s fast reflexes and they were both sent flying backwards. Kacchan’s small victory was short lived when Deku comes charging out from the lingering cloud of smoke, with an out of character shout, “Is that all you got?!”

It rang strangely in Katsuki’s ears, and it’s something Deku could never admit out loud, but when his need to win is stronger than his need to rescue, ‘I’ll mold myself after you, even if I rather dislike that part about me, because, in the end, You’re My Image Of Victory!’

Hits much harder are exchanged as Deku incorporates his gifted quirk, and their fighting reaches its eventual climax. The air is filled with debris, smoke, battle cries, and the crackling of One for All as blows are met and matched, and one final immense explosion ceases all movement, leaving an eerie silence in its wake.

Dirt and dust settle around them, and the only sound is their burning lungs making attempts to hold in oxygen with mouths open and panting. Both boys are battered and bloody; they're covered in scratches and scrapes and bruises and remain unmoving in the aftermath of their hostility.

Izuku lies still beneath Katsuki’s body, trapped underneath the taller boy's thighs as he straddles Deku’s hips to keep him pinned down in submission. One dirty and singed hand grips Izuku’s wrist tight while the other forces the back of his head down to the broken pavement, fingers digging into his scalp and tangled, sweaty hair.

He pulls Izuku’s arm further, testing the boy’s nonresistance, the stretch on his shoulder making Deku moan and jerk in pain. Katsuki’s thighs tighten and hips press further against Izuku’s to hold him down harder, making both of them groan at the contact.

It might be the adrenaline, it might be the release of emotional tension that has been lingering between them all this time, or it might just be the fact that they’re two teenage boys and this was perfectly normal (it really wasn’t; not after beating the shit out of each other this bad,) but time seems to stand still as they feel the hardness and heat between their bodies causing their hips to stutter and shake.

A new fire burns deep in both of their bellies; something that maybe had always been right below the surface and just needed this physical and emotional altercation to be ignited. Katsuki releases the tug on Deku’s shoulder and pins his wrist down to the ground near messy green locks. The fingers in Izuku’s hair jerk his face forward so their eyes could meet and whatever confusing emotion that was currently plaguing Katsuki is reciprocated if the shuddering breaths and wide wavering eyes below him mean anything.

Hips rock together once more and they both gasp, Katsuki having to suck back the bloody snot pooling in the back of his throat before leaning forward. With maybe an inch between their faces, his fiery copper eyes bear deep into Izuku’s emerald and there is a quivering breath between them before Katsuki whispers, “I win.”

Izuku’s jaw trembles and the space between them becomes less and less until--

“That’ll be the end of it you two.”

Hands drop their hold and Katsuki looks over his shoulder to find the owner of the voice of reason.

All Might’s lanky yet ever imposing figure appears through the still-drifting dust and whatever weird thing, whatever confusing feelings or words that were about to be exchanged are long forgotten as the two separate to get on their feet.

All Might reveals many truths to Katsuki that night. He apologizes for how much he neglected the young man. Left him alone with too much to bear, not realizing that, despite his strength, the situation had been above and beyond what a teenager should have to deal with. All Might clears the air between the two because they’re two sides of the same coin, and if they could learn to raise each other up, the could become the best heroes. Now Katsuki is part of their closely guarded secret, and he promises to keep it safe ('unlike stupid Deku.’)

“Things’ll be different now, Deku.” He tells Izuku that he’ll still rise higher, be stronger, become number one; but something about the tone of his voice tells him he means something else, too. Something he won’t say out here in front of All Might-

-Or Aizawa who shows up with the proper scolding and punishment, dishing out 3 and 4 days of house arrest to Deku and Katsuki, respectively.

~

After a long shower and some proper tending to his own wounds, (Aizawa told them they could only use Recovery Girl’s help if it was absolutely necessary,) Deku throws himself unceremoniously into bed, tossing an arm over his eyes as he replays the evening over and over in his mind. He goes over every move, every word, every heated and angry snarl Kacchan threw his way, and even his own declarations come flooding back into his mind, ‘your sheer amazingness at everything you do was so brilliant to me, it was blinding!’

Everything he told Kacchan was the truth, especially that because the blonde has always been someone Izuku looked up to; where All Might was such a sacred and untouchable figure, Kacchan was close and familiar and maybe, he hoped, something attainable.

Speaking of close...the playback film in his mind reaches the end of their violent exchange and Izuku clearly recalls the feeling of Katsuki’s larger body looming over him, holding him down to clasp tight onto his victory. Izuku’s breath hitches when he can nearly feel the press of Kacchan’s hips against his own as if it was happening again right now. As if Katsuki’s heavy weight was pushing him down onto the bed, rocking into his crotch just like he had done not much earlier this evening...

He swiftly throws his arm back to the bed, raising himself on his elbows and looking down his body to see…

Nothing. Nothing except the straining hardness painfully now tenting the front of his shorts. The same feeling that bubbled up in his belly when Kacchan’s battered, bloody face hovered just inches from his own came back tenfold, and he squeezed his eyes shut and thighs together trying to quell the fire that burned within him.

‘This makes no sense, why do I feel like this all of a sudden…?’ Yeah, Kacchan has always been important to him, and yes, Izuku has always admired him, even with all his negative traits. But this goes beyond a boy looking up to his childhood friend. It’s something dangerous and combustible, much like Kacchan himself.

It’s no good, and when he opens his eyes to his alarm clock flashing a bright red, ‘2:17am’ he knows he’ll never be able to get to sleep in this condition. The aching between his legs and the adrenaline still pumping through him, albeit less so, might just keep him awake all night, so the least he can do is try to douse one of those fires.

With a frustrated sigh and a glance around the room, as if someone might be watching and judging him, Izuku grips the waistband of his shorts and pulls them down to mid-thigh, the cool air against his heated flesh causing his breath to hitch. With one scarred hand wrapping around his cock, the other is shoved against his mouth in attempts to catch and muffle any sounds that may spill through. The last thing he needs is for either of his neighbors to hear what he’s getting up to at 2 am.

Normally Izuku would drag out the pleasure, taking his time to jerk off whether it be in his bed late at night, or in the shower when his classmates had all left the locker room. But this feeling that is clutching him tight is demanding and consuming and Izuku scrambles to chase it. His hand drags up and down his cock, fingers brushing against every sensitive spot that makes him shudder and pant. When his strokes speed up, he can feel sticky precome slide out of his slit and catch into his fist, while his other hand catches his moans and whimpers. His hips begin to buck as he feels the familiar coil in his stomach, sitting at the edge and just ready to fall over into bliss.

Where normally, thoughts of some faceless female pop up, (or if he’s looking to feel particularly guilty, girls from his class,) the first thing that comes to his mind tonight is fiery copper eyes and a shit-eating grin. Soft bodies with large breasts are replaced with hard muscle and, well, also a pretty large chest, and cute round faces are traded for a sharp-angled jaw and eyes.

All those features can only be summed up to one person, and Izuku’s hand leaves his mouth to grip his pillow tight, bracing himself for the sudden impact of his orgasm. His hand moves even faster, grip even tighter, as an unrestrained, “K-kacchan~!” is torn from his throat as he comes into his fist, leaving the evidence of his filthy, guilty thoughts splattered across his fingers and abs.

When the aftershocks of shameful bliss have passed, and his shallow breaths have evened out, Deku tears off his shirt to wipe himself down and plops back onto the bed in a wrecked mess. Even if he should feel despicable for thinking of his childhood friend in that way, he can’t help but feel like this is something that’s going to get worse before it gets better, and it’s well-passed 3 am before Izuku gets any sleep.

~

“Whaaaat they got into a fight last night?? How stupid!” Cheeky girls and snarky boys make jokes and poke and prod at the two stuck in house arrest for the remainder of the week.

As the rest of 1-A comes downstairs to leave for class, they’re greeted by the sight of Katsuki and Deku getting an early start on their punishment; morning and night dormitory cleaning duty.

Katsuki can feel his blood start to boil as various classmates joined in on the, ‘Make Fun of Bakugou’ party, and Izuku could feel the heat rising up his neck and cheeks when Uraraka asks him, “Did you make up afterward?”

He ducks his head while vacuuming, feeling like this one spot behind the couch needs some particular attention, “M-make up?? Uh...I-I wouldn’t really put it that way...I-it’s hard to put into words…” He becomes a stuttering mess when he thinks back to last night. Not just the pain he felt from their vicious battle, but the spark he felt below the waist as Kacchan had been straddling him, holding him down with all of his weight. Not to mention jerking off in his bed to Kacchan’s strong, hard body and beautiful, perfect face...he shakes those thoughts away because they sure are dangerous to be reliving out here in public, and thankfully Iida’s scolding distracts him enough to keep an erection at bay.

When the class files out they’re left to steep in their own awkward silence, going from vacuuming, to dusting, to window cleaning and so on. Their non-communication has Deku lost in his own head, and hours pass before Katsuki notices his muttering and mumbling, going on about something and asking Kacchan about his shoot style.

He pauses, turned away from Izuku with his head bowed down, as if the words were lost on his tongue; as if he had to physically prepare himself to pull them out of his throat.

Izuku keeps his attention on his own tasks, knowing Katsuki is a lot like a cautious cat in these vulnerable moments, and any sudden movements could have him retreating back into the safety of his own mind.

“Your wind-up motions are too big, and with your speed up, I was just barely able to react in time. It’s not well suited for a slugfest.” Katsuki’s voice sounds more matter-of-fact than angry, even when he snarls through his teeth with no real venom, “It pisses me off.”

A wobbly smile spreads across Deku’s face and he merely hums in response because, even though it sounded pretty backhanded, a compliment is a compliment, especially coming from Bakugou Katsuki. Kacchan doesn’t ever voluntarily do anything he doesn’t want to, so his words are definitely worth their weight in gold.

With the downstairs portion of the dorms complete, they silently agree to take a quick break before heading up to vacuum the bedroom hallways. Katsuki leans against the back of the couch and watches as Izuku finishes wiping down the last of the common room coffee tables. Why he decides to wait for the nerd, he can't really say.

He throws the damp rag into the box of cleaning supplies sitting at Katsuki’s feet and lingers just a few feet away, wanting to break this cold, unmoving silence that had been wedged between them all morning and afternoon, despite Kacchan’s brief moment of civility. Releasing a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding in, Izuku fiddles with his crooked fingers as hot anxiety begins creeping back into his gut, “Hey, uh, I know you said my shoot style is pretty good-”

“I never said that.” Well, technically, he’s right.

Deku stutters and breaks eye contact; they're telltale and not-so-subtle traits of his ever-present restlessness. “Oh, w-well, I-I mean, you said it pisses you off so...it must be good...right? Hah ha…”

Izuku’s nervous laughter is always quick to bring out some level of annoyance in Kacchan, grating his nerves in just the wrong ways. “Whatever the fuck you’re trying to say, just spit it out already.”

“Uh, well, I just wanted to tell you that...you’re getting better too. I mean, you were already great, but I can see how much faster and stronger you are. I could feel it. It was amazing.” With his words of endearment, he finds the courage to stand tall and quit his anxious fidgeting, looking Kacchan in the eye to show him just how serious he is because he’s not mocking him and he’s not looking down on him. He never had, despite what Kacchan had always felt.

Crossing his arms and huffing a snort, Katsuki turns his head away, finding the floor much more interesting, “Tch, whatever.” Though the redness on his cheeks doesn’t go unnoticed. Whether it’s from anger or something else, Izuku hasn’t decided yet.

“What do you mean, ‘Whatever’? Do you not believe me? Even after what I said last night??”

Katsuki rolls his eyes away with a dramatic sigh, yesterday’s events still an irritating stain on the fabric of his mind.

“What do I have to do for you to understand? Do I have to- I don't know- show you?” Izuku’s at his wits end with the abrasive blonde, standing closer and tilting his head to meet Katsuki’s turned-away gaze.

“Show me? What the hell does that mmm-!” In a shuffle of hurried movements, Katsuki’s jaw is gripped between two large, scarred hands and a pair of lips clumsily presses against his own, while he braces himself on the headrest of the couch, too surprised to push Izuku away.

It isn’t as soft and sweet as Deku had imagined his first kiss would be, with both boys still as statues and lips smashed together awkwardly, but neither of them seems all that unwilling regardless. Izuku closes his eyes and leans into the kiss, becoming close enough that their chests bump together, and even though he’s not sure if he’s even doing this right, it feels right and he hopes Katsuki feels the same way. He hasn’t pushed him away or punched him yet, so that’s a good sign.

When the need for air becomes much more important than the need to stay close to the blonde’s body heat, Izuku pulls his head back and lets his hands fall from the beautiful angled jaw and his fingers graze against the soft skin of Katsuki’s neck and throat until they rest on strong, sturdy shoulders. He tries to meet Kacchan’s gaze; wants to see if there’s any sign of reluctance or anger, but those copper eyes are downcast and refuse to come up.

“K-Kacchan…?” Izuku’s voice wavers, most of his confidence used up just to get this far, “...was that ok? I-if not, that’s ok. Or, it’s not ok, er- I won’t do it again, I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to do it without your permission I-”

Yeah, Izuku’s nervous laughter is annoying, but the incessant muttering always hits Katsuki’s ears in all the wrong way. “Shut up!” He catches emerald eyes with a scowl before looking away again, worrying his lip in frustration. “I never...I mean, yeah, it’s...it’s ok.”

“Are you sure…?”

Of course he’s sure. He’s always sure because Bakugou Katsuki doesn’t ever voluntarily do anything he doesn’t want to. He grabs the collar of Deku’s shirt in a fist, bringing them nose to nose; Deku’s wide eyes are shiny, probably from unshed tears of embarrassment. The jostling movement causes Izuku to stumble and lean against Kacchan’s body for balance...or maybe it’s the fact that the blonde is kissing him this time, making his knees turn to jelly.

They power through inexperience, trying to let what feels right and what feels good lead their movements. Lips open and slide together; Katsuki runs his tongue against Deku’s bottom lip and a puff of hot air fills the non-existent space between them as he hums in delight. Izuku’s hands grab onto large biceps, needing to ground himself during this heavenly experience, and the feeling of strong, thick muscle under his fingers pulls a suggestive moan from his throat.

Breaking their kiss and sucking in a deep breath, Deku continues to dig his fingers into the bulging muscle, muttering in that amazed tone of voice he usually reserves for incredible heroes and quirks, “Wow, Kacchan your arms are so big...so strong…”

Katsuki briefly feels like Izuku is studying him, and he’s probably going to be writing all kinds of filthy notes on this shit in his notebook later, but he mostly feels a hot bolt of lightning shoot down to his cock, Izuku’s admiring whispers stirring something warm and tingling inside of him. He wipes his sweaty palms against his pants by habit and grips onto Izuku’s slim hips, closing the remaining distance between them. When they’re flush together, the feeling of their hard cocks rubbing against one another, even through layers of fabric, has Katsuki diving into Izuku’s mouth once again, shoving his tongue in between quivering lips with a growl.

Izuku could sit back and take it. Could let Kacchan take the lead as usual and steer how this little (or not so little) interaction will go. He could let him be in charge like he normally likes, but even Katsuki said it himself, ‘Things’ll be different now.’ Izuku no longer has to trail and follow Kacchan, but can now walk side-by-side or even take the lead himself.

With newfound confidence and pumped up with adrenaline (or probably just lust,) Izuku shoves his thigh between Katsuki’s and rubs against his dick, swallowing the needy moans it tears from the blonde’s throat. The large hands gripping his own hips drag Izuku impossibly closer and they’re grinding on each other’s thighs, the sweet friction keeps their hips rolling and searching for more, harder, faster. It’s wild and hot as hands trace lines of hard muscle and fingers tentatively slip under the hems of shirts, because even if they’re not exactly shy with each other, this is still uncharted territory for both of them.

Izuku tries to think through the lustful haze clouding his mind, but it’s difficult with Kacchan feeling him up, rutting against his thigh in a horny frenzy, and pinching his nipples while sucking on his tongue. There must be some kind of god up there that’s kept him from coming in his pants at this point, and he still wants to take things further because Kacchan has always drawn out that feeling from him. The want and need to do better and go beyond (Plus Ultra, right?)

Deku’s fingers graze against the waistband of Katsuki’s sweatpants and dip just underneath the elastic, tickling the flesh right below. He separates their lips, even if Kacchan tries to chase after them once more, and locks onto fiery red eyes while resting their foreheads together with panting hot breaths against their faces. “Kacchan, can I-” the words get stuck in his throat and he reflexively tries to swallow them down because even if he wants it bad, it’s still a little embarrassing to ask out loud. “C-can I suck your cock..?”

There’s a hitch in his breath and those copper eyes fly wide open; he’s shocked, though he really shouldn’t  be considering what they’re doing now is pretty scandalous already. He quickly nods because he sure as hell doesn’t trust his voice, and Izuku is tugging the fabric down, down his hips and down his thighs until they pool at his feet. Deku bites at his lip as he makes the descent to his knees, and it’s not quite the sexy show that is normally fabricated in movies and porn, but Deku is also not one of those guys Katsuki’s seen on the internet. He's a real person. A real person he’s known his entire life, and when he told Izuku that, ‘ things’ll be different now,’ this was definitely the furthest thing from his mind. In the end, it’s probably not the worst idea, and if it is, he’s not willing to address that right now, favoring the sight of Deku on his knees below him.

On the floor, Izuku is currently in the middle of his own sexual crises because he’s never had another guy's hard dick so close to him before, and the fact that it’s Kacchan’s and it’s beautiful and perfect makes him itch and hunger for it and the need to please is rising in his gut. He wraps crooked fingers around him and Katsuki chokes back a groan as light touches explore and tease, finding all his sensitive spots, like when Izuku’s fingers trace along the prominent vein on the underside, or when his thumb rubs right below the head. Katsuki’s hands dig into the couch and they’re both lucky the handle on his quirk is second-nature, lest Aizawa comes back to find a burned up couch.

Izuku’s gaze keeps shifting between watching his hand work the cock in front of him and watching the reactions on Kacchan’s face. Katsuki may not notice it (it’s a little hard to do anything right now) but Izuku is  studying him, just like always. What does he like? He likes when Izuku strokes him slow and meaningful while his left-hand rubs up his thigh. What does he love? He loves when rough fingertips lightly tease the head, making him buck his hips and silently beg for more. What drives him wild? When Izuku is working his cock, cupping his balls before running the palm of his hand back up to the tip, groaning in a way that makes it seem like he forgot Katsuki was even there, “ Your cock is so big...so perfect…” and that’s all it takes before Katsuki is moaning helplessly, pushing Izuku’s hands away, and gripping the base of his own cock tight to stave off his fast approaching orgasm.

Izuku gasps as he’s knocked out of his lust-induced trance by Kacchan batting his hands away. “Oh! S-sorry! Did I do something wrong?” He’s nervous when Katsuki picks his pants back up but relieved when he quickly pulls the shorter boy up to his feet again, dragging him by the hand towards the 2nd floor bedrooms. His destination is Izuku’s room because it’s closer, but the moment he steps inside-

“Hell. No.”

With an irritated scowl he eyeballs every surface that’s plastered with All Might’s face, and after just having that very life-altering chat with him yesterday, this shit is the last thing he wants to be around while getting off.

“What’s wrong with my room?!” Izuku apparently doesn't see a hundred pairs of All Might’s eyes watching them fuck as a problem.

“It’s like fucking in front of your dad. It’s creepy, and I’m not doing it. We’re going to my room, c’mon.” Once again he’s pulling Deku along, hand-in-hand, and Izuku feels a little stupid and giddy because it reminds him of the good days of their childhood. Kacchan was often pulling Deku along into some kind of adventure; Izuku was always willing to do whatever his loud-mouthed buddy had planned, and today is very similar except there’s probably going to be some awkwardness after this, but he can’t really bring himself to care. He’s too excited about the shift in their relationship. Too excited to have something more than anger and irritation from the blonde. Also, most of the blood from his head is currently in his dick so thinking about that is too difficult right now.

There’s a bit of an uncomfortable silence as Deku steps into Katsuki’s room for the first time, and he notices it's definitely NOT covered in All Might memorabilia, but it's neat and organized, mostly free of anything that would distract him from school. While he gawks at the tidy bedroom, he doesn’t really notice Kacchan peeling off his shirt and pants, standing in the middle of the room in just his boxer briefs. “Yo, nerd. You just gonna stand there all day?”

Izuku stares because, how could he not? Kacchan’s nearly naked, and like always, he's stunning and perfect. The outline of his hard cock is visible through form-fitting grey boxers and he feels like a pervert just standing here looking at him, the image somehow more attractive than his own hand nearly bringing Katsuki to his knees. Maybe it’s the fact that they’re now near a bed with silent promises of something more. Or maybe it’s because Kacchan says to him in a lustful and demanding tone, “Take off your pants. Now.”

Izuku kicks the door closed behind him and steps out of his pants and boxers, cautiously following Katsuki towards the bed. The blonde snickers at him before grabbing the hem of his t-shirt and pulling him closer. “Your shirt too, nerd.”

Deku nods, his breath shallow and heart racing like he just ran a mile, and he pulls off his shirt very ungracefully, getting both his head and an arm stuck somewhere along the way. “Ah, sorry, I'm...just nervous. I-I've never done this before…” Izuku whispers it like it's some kind of disgraceful secret. Like he doesn't want anyone else to know.

Katsuki’s eyes dart away and back anxiously between the floor and Izuku’s bare body, everything but the black elbow brace a forgotten pile on the ground. “Yeah...me neither.” Anxiety has never sat well with Kacchan, so he tries to stomp those feelings down by taking control, grabbing Izuku’s hips and pressing their bodies close. He captures those lips once more and Izuku melts against him with a satisfied hum, throwing his arms over his shoulders and holding on tight like he never wants to let go. He's so caught up in the feeling, the taste, the smell of Kacchan he doesn't notice tricky fingers fiddling with the bedside table and pulling something out. It's not until he's pulled down to the bed on top of the blonde that he snaps back to reality and there's a small bottle of liquid being shoved into his hand.

It takes him a good minute to realize what it is, and, while Katsuki didn't explicitly ask what he thinks he's asking, he can only assume it involves the bottle of lube and his scarred fingers.

“Yeah...I want you to do it, okay? Stop muttering.” Oh, was he muttering? He definitely didn't notice.

“Are you sure? I don't want to hurt you…”

“Tch, you won't hurt me. Besides, I can take it.” Izuku's breath hitches because his mind is instantly filled with images of Kacchan fingering himself; on his back with strong thighs spread and shaking, or on his knees, face down and ass up with his face buried in a pillow and two fingers buried in himself.

With his lust reignited, he's all over Katsuki again. Mouths and tongues slide together, hot and wet and Izuku's more desperate than ever before. He leaves kisses on his throat that leave Kacchan breathless and when his lips surround a nipple, licking and sucking at the flesh, Kacchan moans and sighs and it fans the flames in Izuku’s gut, as do the fingers digging into his curls that are scratching and pulling with delight. Deku figured something like, ‘kissing down your partner's body’ should be a loving and romantic gesture, but he can't help but bite and nip because he can’t get enough of the taste of Kacchan's skin. Can't resist the feeling of hard muscle under his lips and tongue, can't help but greedily drink in all the moans and groans each pass of his teeth and tongue brings from the blonde's mouth. Maybe it is pretty romantic after all, but this isn't about romance or love, but just another way of expressing their feelings and emotions. Just an extension of their fight from last night.

Izuku continues to slide down his body, remembering that he never did what he originally said he would do when he notices that, at some point, Kacchan had kicked off the last remaining piece of clothing between them. Izuku's nose grazes against the trail of blonde hair starting just under his belly button, and he looks up to find eyes that are almost pleading. He's amazed that Kacchan isn't forcing or barking orders, though he kind of wished for it since he’s no expert at all and really isn’t confident in what he’s doing.

On cue, Katsuki's fingers tighten around green stands and he licks his chapped lips before whispering, “Suck my cock, Deku.” The words make his stomach flip and his breath shudder. He probably has some kind of kink about being bossed around, but that's a problem for future Izuku to deal with. He looks Kacchan in the eye as he drops the flat of his tongue against the hard flesh, dragging it slowly from the base to the head and licking up the smear of precome across the tip. His head is spinning because the smell and taste of Kacchan and sex is intoxicating and the sight of him dropping his head back in pleasure with a deep moan boosts his confidence, urging him to try to find all the ways he can use his tongue to make Katsuki fall apart.

Deku tries all kinds of things he's seen on the internet, from swirling his tongue around the head (Kacchan likes that) to dipping his mouth low and sucking on his balls (Kacchan really likes that.) Every moan and whimper drives Izuku wild and he's barely registering Katsuki pushing his head away, grabbing the forgotten bottle of lube to coat Izuku's fingers in the slippery liquid.

Izuku stalls because, even though all of this is completely new to him, what Kacchan wants is REALLY not something he expected to be doing. “Kacchan…” he hates to be awkward and break the flow of their activities, but he now knows it's better to be upfront with Katsuki than to hide his thoughts from him. “I…I don't really know what I'm doing…”

Mid-sex Kacchan is different than everyday Kacchan because he's actually kind of patient with Izuku. He guides his hands, tells him what to do since the freckly boy is pretty much clueless. “Move your fingers, ah… Just like that...”  Izuku's hips buck at the order.  “Feel that? Rub your fingers there- oh fuck, Deku…” Katsuki's toes are curling and back is arching and Deku is obsessed. Obsessed with making Kacchan come undone. Obsessed with the feeling of his fingers buried inside of him. He's tight and hot and Izuku can only imagine what that would feel like around his dick, and he can't help but reach down and grip his cock tight, giving a few strokes to stave off the ache of arousal.

He kisses, licks and bites at Katsuki's thighs and the urge to grip and suck at his dick again rises, taking him as far down his throat as he can all while keeping his fingers’ assault on that spot like Kacchan asked (or rather, demanded.) When he finally pops his mouth off, Katsuki watches Izuku lick up the string of drool and precome hanging from his lips, and while that's obscenely hot, it doesn't even compare to when Deku says, “you taste so good Kacchan…” as if he was talking about some kind of decadent dessert. The admiration has Katsuki unexpectedly twitching and shaking, his dick throbbing and heavy in Izuku's hand.

It feels so amazing and Izuku feels so powerful when he has Katsuki gripping the sheets and moaning helplessly on his back. Today he feels like he winning, where last night was definitely a loss.

When he finally regains some sense of composure, Katsuki shoves hands off and out of his body to sit up and pour lube over Izuku's cock. It finally sets in that, 'holy shit we're gonna do it’ and Izuku's nerves come flooding back, feeling heavy in his stomach.

“We don't have to do this if you don't want to.” The blonde gives him an out because Izuku's worry must be obvious, or maybe Kacchan can just read him like an open book. Katsuki's words are somewhat comforting, but he doesn't want to stop. Doesn't want to always wonder, 'what if?’

“No...I want to. I want this, I just-” he takes a deep breath to steel himself, “What...what happens after? Do things stay the same between us?”

His copper eyes bear into Izuku's and it's a different look than ever before. It's not a scowl or a look of irritation, and it's not angry or mocking. “I already told you things would be different from now on, didn't I?” Katsuki says it likes it's the most obvious thing in the world, so Izuku believes him because Kacchan is a lot of things; he's amazing and incredible. He's also stubborn and an asshole, but in the end, he's not a liar and he never has been.

Izuku nods and they meet for another kiss, though much softer this time because even if Izuku doesn't realize it, Katsuki's just as nervous as he is. He has the same concerns about what happens to their relationship after this, but hell no is that something he's ready to talk about today, tomorrow, or probably even weeks from now.

Katsuki’s slick hand that's still wrapped around Izuku's dick lines him up with his entrance and strong legs wrap around freckled hips to spur him forward. There's an initial resistance but when the head of his cock is surrounded by the tight heat of Katsuki's body, it takes every ounce of willpower not to shove himself the rest of the way in. He can tell it's not the most comfortable feeling yet for Kacchan, and he wishes he could help him, but he's completely clueless how any of that works, so he gives his moral support by taking things slow and finding all the spots on his jaw, neck, and chest that make him sigh and shiver.

Slowly, Katsuki takes inch after inch, and quickly, they're both becoming impatient. When their hips finally meet, Izuku buries his face in Kacchan's neck and tries to reign himself in to keep from coming instantly. He's losing it fast and he can't help but let the words that overflow from his head spill out of his mouth, “Oh my god, you feel so good Kacchan...” He feels rather than hears the shudder, the gasp, and the blonde kicking his heel into his lower back while growling at him, 'hurry the fuck up and move!’

Experimental thrusts start gentle and shallow but quickly pick up speed and the drag of Izuku's cock along his insides has Katsuki's head rolling back in pleasure. Deku grabs his jaw, pulling his face forward to crush their mouths together and with tongues sliding and teeth nipping at lips, Izuku's overthinking brain shuts down and so does his inhibitions.

“Oh, fuck Kacchan you're so tight. So hot…”  he's saying filthy things and he can't control the praise that comes out because he’s never been good at holding in his thoughts and he also knows Katsuki definitely wants to hear it. “You're so beautiful,”  has Katsuki’s leg locking him in closer and tighter. “You take my cock so well,” has his eyes rolling and back arching.

“Oh my god, you're so amazing...so perfect…” Everything he says is true, and it’s absolutely nothing new. It’s nothing he hasn’t told Kacchan before, but now Katsuki believes him and he eats it up as their bodies rock together faster and harder.

Izuku feels the coil in his belly wind tight, and he's so close but he wants to make Katsuki come first. Wants to be the one to drive him over the edge. Wants to be responsible for making him feel so good. He reaches between their bodies to grip his cock and whispers hotly in his ear, “Can you come for me, Kacchan…? I know you can because you can do anything~”

Katsuki's body goes stiff and his hips can't decide whether to fuck into the fist around him or push down on the cock inside of him, but it doesn't really matter because he's coming hard, releasing a growl that turns into a whine, “Oh, fuck yesyesyes” against Izuku's sweaty temple. The slick, wet warmth between Izuku's fingers and the twitching, throbbing hole around his cock is way too much and he's coming too, bowing his back as his hips stutter erratically. Fingers dig into his sweaty hair and pull hard, demanding his lips for a kiss, filling their mouths with tongues and hot breath and Izuku gives it to him because Izuku would probably give Kacchan anything he asked for.

The extra slick slide of Izuku's cock is overstimulating to both of them, and they ride out their orgasms until they can’t take it anymore and Izuku pulls out, falling onto his back on the small space next to Katsuki.

They lie in a panting, sweaty, cum-covered mess and Izuku wants to get closer; wants to throw his arms around Kacchan and snuggle his face into his chest, but he feels stupid for thinking that might be overstepping a boundary, considering where they are now. So instead, he keeps his hands to himself but doesn’t miss when Katsuki leans his head against his shoulder, even if it’s just for a brief moment.

“Wow Kacchan...that was amaz-” He was about to gush about how perfect Kacchan is and how mind-blowing the sex was, but one upward glance had something catching Izuku’s eye, and when he does a doubletake he finds-

“...is that an All Might poster hanging above your bed?”

“So what? You have a thousand pictures of him everywhere!”

“Yeah, but it’s RIGHT there.” Izuku says while pointing up and laughing. “Did you stare at him the entire time just now?”

“NO you stupid nerd, I was too busy looking at you.”

A wobbly smile crosses Izuku’s face, “Aww...Kacchan that’s so sweet...” Izuku lowers his pointing finger and brushes away the sweaty blonde strands falling into Katsuki’s eyes. Just as he’s about to lower his lips to Kacchan’s a pillow smacks him across the face.

“Shut up, you damn sap!” The pillow hits Izuku repeatedly and they’re both laughing at the half-assed assault. When the attack eventually ends and they’re lying in silence once again, it’s Katsuki this time who leans in and tries to connect for a kiss-

-until the chime signifying the end of class chirps and knocks them back into the real world.

There’s curses and awkward, messy scrambling towards the bathroom to get cleaned up. Turns out clothes are really hard to put on when you’re panicking and, ‘is that your shirt or mine??’ They make it downstairs just in time for the class to file in from their school day, and Izuku hopes and prays that they don’t smell like sex and sweat (they probably do, but hopefully no one will notice.)

~

Of course, the first thing a few of the boys do is look for any missed spots or imperfections; any way to rag on them for their punishment.

“What’s the deal with this dust, Bakugou?” Mineta chides, inspecting an obscure edge of a window sill.

“Fuck off, that was Deku’s fault!” Katsuki turns his attention to Izuku. “You damn nerd, do you not know how to clean either?!”

Izuku’s hands are full of trash bags as he’s about to make his way to the dumpster out back. “Sorry, Kacchan. I guess we can’t all be as perfect and amazing as you.” He mocks with a sultry smirk and before walking past the fuming, red-faced blonde.

“Heh, yeah, and what’s with the limp, man? You let Midoriya beat you that bad last night?” Sero and Mineta high five and continue cackling at Bakugou’s expense, but he’s already storming off with a resounding, “Fuck all of you!”