Crossfire

(One Shot)

Kirishima ran his fingers through his wispy, crimson bangs, combing the thick locks and brushing against the light sweat on his scalp. He had just finished his workout and training session for the night. He was upset that he forgot to bring his hair stuff with him that day, so he was stuck working out with his hair down, but he managed to get through it. He guzzled down the rest of his water and undressed once he was in the barren locker room, muscles glistening as the fabric was peeled away. He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his bare waist and headed into the shower rooms; however, he walked in at a bad time.

It was the end of the day, so it was supposed to be lifeless in here; but, Bakugou and Midoriya obviously had not gone home yet. From the sounds Kirishima heard, those two were clearly having a little too much fun in one of the closed shower stalls.

He shook his head in disbelief. ‘Did they really think the running shower water would shield their noises? That was probably Midoriya’s idea, but judging by the way he’s screaming…’ Kirishima blushed and his thoughts trailed off, but he assumed Bakugou convinced Deku that their volume didn’t matter to begin with since this place was usually empty at this time.

However, Kirishima didn’t leave. The slapping of skin and poor Midoriya’s moans echoed within the shower walls, loud and amplified, ringing in Kirishima’s ears, intoxicating and beckoning the outsider into the rut. The redhead gulped as he shamefully reminisced all of the late nights he had spent thinking about those very sounds. Hearing it this distinctly for the first time had him frozen stiff.

A part of him wanted to go in there and tell them to either keep it down or take it somewhere else so they wouldn’t get in trouble; yet, another part of him secretly indulged himself in Izuku’s sweet, breathless whimpers. Hearing the squishy sounds that emanated from his soaked entrance and the gasping he gave in between his broken breaths had Kirishima hardening under his towel – and it wasn’t his quirk.

‘D-damn it, Midoriya…’ He had to hold his towel in place.

Kirishima stood closer and peeked inside of the stall. Midoriya was pinned against the wall, bent over and taking it from behind. He could barely claw his fingers into the slippery tile and his legs visibly shook as he struggled to stand up, face absolutely flushed; eyes slightly open and pooling with desire. Bakugou was merciless, slamming into the smaller male over and over again, each time with more force so that it dug in deeper, reaching that hidden pleasure point. Izuku’s lips were shiny and parted, unable to produce any words. Kirishima had a yearning, covetous gaze locked onto Deku, scarlet orbs shining as they took in the image. With a gulp, his hand traveled down to assist his own aching core.

‘Shit, I’m this hard already?’ he thought as he grasped it under his towel.

Unfortunately for him, though, he leaned against the door a little too hard and caused it to open. Bakugou briefly stopped his thrusting and glared over at him.

Deku instantly flushed red all over his body. “K-kirishima-kun?!”

Bakugou reached forward to cover Izuku’s mouth. “And just what the hell do you want, Shit Hair?”

“U-uh, sorry, I was just…! Why the hell is this door even unlocked…? I mean, you guys are so damn loud and…” Kirishima’s thoughts scattered and became nothing. He couldn’t even think of an excuse. He just stared at Midoriya and watched those emerald eyes close in shame, and then clamp shut even tighter when Bakugou plunged into him again.

Izuku moaned into Bakugou’s hand and that lovely sound made Kirishima’s heart jump again.

The blond turned the shower water off and smirked at his friend. “How long were you watching us, you pervert?”

Eijirou finally found his voice again. “H-hey, now, that’s not very nice…”

“Judging by how hard you are, I’d guess that you want to fuck Deku, too, huh?”

Kirishima’s face turned as red as his hair and Midoriya’s eyes shot open wide with surprise.

That’s when Bakugou resumed his thrusting in full force. “That’s too bad, isn’t it? His sweet ass is all mine to fuck.” He removed his hand from Deku’s mouth and pinned his wrists against the shower wall. Izuku screamed as Bakugou fucked him harder. “That’s right, scream, Deku. Put on a show.”

“Kacchan, w-wait…! Right in front of him?!”

Kirishima felt a tinge of heartache, but seeing the innocent Izuku become such a flustered mess had him reaching down and grabbing his own arousal again; this time, stroking it. The gesture was unsure at first, but the searing shame soon eased into nothing as Izuku hopelessly moaned into the air, despite his new audience. Kirishima figured most of the attention in the room was focused on Deku, so he stroked himself harder, barely holding back anymore.

But Katsuki eyed him. “Touching yourself already? You must want to fuck this ass badly.”

“Ah…!” Drool crawled down Deku’s chin as he was pounded against the wall. Yet, he took a moment to glance over at Kirishima with worry. “B-but, isn’t it lonely for Kirishima to watch this…?”

Eijirou felt his heart swell. “Midoriya…”

Katsuki scoffed.  “Heh... He’s the one who decided to watch, isn’t he?”

Izuku happened to glance down and see Kirishima touching himself, and that lewd sight was shockingly arousing. Green eyes caught a nice glimpse of that hardening length, and how that strong hand gripped its width. Deku quickly turned away and, for a split second, he noted how big the tip was, and wondered what the entirety of Kirishima’s dick looked like. The thought was an instant rush of excitement.

“What’s this, Deku?” Katsuki announced. “You just got tighter.” He tangled his fingers into Izuku’s hair and clutched hard, turning his lover’s head so that he could no longer look away from Kirishima. Bakugou let out a breathy laugh as he shoved himself all the way into Izuku and held still, feeling those walls contract around him. “Does being watched turn you on?”

Izuku blushed up to his ears. “K-kacchan…!”

Eijirou suddenly cracked a sultry smirk, showing his sharp, gleaming teeth. “Is that the case, Midoriya? Because I’ve been watching you squirm this whole time.”

Midoriya dripped pre-cum and tried to bashfully turn away, but his head was held in place.

Bakugou sucked in a quick breath when his cock was squeezed again. “Ah, fuck, Deku… I’m gonna…”

Kirishima stroked his hardened length from underneath the towel, hiding it from view and being a tease on purpose. “You wanna see it, Midoriya? It’s hard just for you, you know… since you’re so damn adorable with how much you moan and writhe.”

Deku looked at him with needy, misty eyes. Bakugou thrust into the tightness again and felt his own cum gush into Izuku. He pounded him hard until the white fluid oozed out of his lover’s entrance, dripping carelessly onto the shower floor. “Fffuck… He’s still throbbing on the inside."

“May I, Bakugou?” Kirishima asked.

Katsuki sighed. “Get the hell over here already.”

Kirishima complied as Bakugou peeled Deku away from the wall and pushed him down onto his hands and knees. Bakugou knelt down to shove his fingers into his boyfriend, gripping his hip while he did so. He watched his load trickle out of the struggling hole and it sent shivers up Katsuki’s spine.

‘Shit…’ He used his free hand to grab his own dick and coax it back into stiffness. It was half-mast at most, but seeing Izuku’s slippery entrance and hardened length – which was still on the verge of bursting – had Bakugou coming back to life.

The blond then leaned forward to grab that green hair again and yank Deku’s head up so that he was looking at Kirishima standing before him. The soft, glazed, half-lidded stare Izuku gave had Kirishima’s heart racing and his blood pumping faster.

“Take off the stupid towel,” Katsuki said.

Kirishima stepped forward and took Izuku’s chin between his thumb and forefinger.  “Is that all right, Midoriya?”

Deku shyly nodded. “Mhm.”

Eijirou’s bold smirk returned and the towel was discarded. Izuku was astonished to see such a huge, hard cock right in front of his face, already throbbing in need. It was…

“S… so much bigger… than I thought…” Izuku’s voice was quiet and sensual.

Kirishima’s eyes widened in subtle shock, practically sparkling. “Midoriya…”

Deku’s red face turned darker when he realized what he said. “W-wait, I didn’t mean to say that out lou—”

He was cut off when Kirishima swooped down, grabbed his face and kissed him hard on the lips. It was immediately passionate, and Midoriya closed his eyes and kissed him back. Kirishima groaned against the gentle pressure and he eased his tongue out to lick the slit of the other’s mouth, asking for entry. When Deku complied, Eijirou took those scarred arms and placed them atop his shoulders, allowing Deku to embrace his neck.

The position changed as Kirishima brought Izuku upright, and the smallest of the three was now sitting on Bakugou’s lap, but also holding Eijirou close as their mouths moved. Kirishima lovingly wrapped his arms around Deku’s waist and held him tight, gently trailing his hands along the freckled skin and intensifying the kiss with a no-longer-dormant passion that was finally allowed to boil over the surface.

Katsuki, however, removed his fingers and replaced them with his length once again, watching his thickness slide in deep. Midoriya moaned against Kirishima’s lips as Bakugou sunk all the way inside.

The blond sighed in pleasure, but watching the other two grow so heated in their sloppy make out session had Bakugou angrily reach around to grab Izuku’s dick, gripping it hard. It summoned a lewd gasp from Deku’s mouth, ultimately parting their kiss.

That’s when the two red gazes locked.

“Here are the rules,” Bakugou said. “His asshole is mine, but you’re free to touch anything else.”

Kirishima frowned. “Aw, but, I want to fuck his ass, too…”

“Oi, quit your whining!” Bakugou shouted. “The only reason why I’m doing this is because I wanna see Deku with two dicks at the same time.”

Izuku just covered his face and hid against Kirishima’s chest. The blatant words were too much for him to handle, and his dick ached with so much need that it hurt.

“You should consider yourself lucky, you bastard,” Katsuki continued. “You guys almost had a thing once, right? Put it to good use and shut up.”

“Bakugou, you can’t just call all of the shots here; we have to ask Midoriya what he wants, too.” Kirishima leaned in to kiss Deku’s ear before licking its outer shell; his tongue was gentle and careful along the thin, reddened skin. “How about it, Izuku?” he whispered with a smirk. “Do you like me enough to let me make you scream?”

Midoriya nearly fainted at the sound of his first name being spoken, which caused him to clamp down around Bakugou’s thickness inside him once more.

‘Fuck… You’re a damn pervert, Deku.’ Katsuki thought as he shuddered from the sensation. “Quit teasing him already, you fucker; my dick can barely move—”

“Yes.” Izuku finally responded, keeping his face in Kirishima’s shoulder in absolute embarrassment.

Eijirou smiled and nuzzled into the fluffy, green hair. “Then, is it okay to touch you however I please?” He snuck his hands down to grab Deku’s ass, making the smaller male flinch. “I’ll make sure to touch every, single part of you, if you’ll let me.”

Izuku nodded, feeling his bangs brush against the taller boy’s skin.

Kirishima grabbed the butt cheeks hard, spreading them out for Bakugou to slide in deeper and massaging them to summon more moans from Deku’s lips. “Thank you so much, Izuku. You’re such an angel…”

Midoriya nuzzled into Eijirou’s skin, trying to hide the excitement he felt from that comment.

Bakugou scowled at Kirishima. “Don’t make me barf.” He then chomped down onto Deku’s shoulder and sucked hard, leaving a bright red hickey on the fair skin. Kirishima mimed that action, leaving his own love bite on Izuku’s neck while he laced fingers with one of his hands, feeling Midoriya’s scars against his fingertips. Katsuki glared at his friend and thrust into Deku, making the smaller hero gasp in pleasure before Kirishima muffled those noises with another hard kiss.

Bakugou watched Kirishima’s other hand leave Deku’s bottom and reach up to romantically caress Deku’s face as they made out, both of them softly gasping for air in between kisses. Pissed off now, Katsuki grabbed Izuku’s chin, broke their kiss, turned his head and locked their lips together instead, kissing hungrily before Eijirou’s gaze.

The redhead frowned. “You’re being unfair.”

Katsuki flicked him off and continued grinding into Deku in response. Kirishima pouted, but then he slid his hand up Izuku’s chest, sliding over the toned muscles, and then catching his nipple with a light pinch. That got Deku to pull away from Bakugou and release the cutest little whimper while Kirishima smiled and carefully tweaked the pink bud. Then he leaned in to nibble the second one. He flicked his tongue around it until it was perked, and moved his mouth over to the other one and bit it gently, teasingly scraping his sharp teeth against the sensitive skin, causing Izuku to fidget.

“Kirishima-kun…” Midoriya tightened the grip he still had on Eijirou’s hand, keeping their fingers laced.

The redhead grinned. “I like when you say my name.”

Bakugou grabbed Deku’s face and reeled him in for another hard kiss, biting his lip and keeping an eye open to watch Kirishima step up his game. Eijirou reached down to seize Izuku’s trembling arousal, making him break away from the kiss yet again to let out a breathless moan.

“You’re about to cum, huh?” Kirishima muttered as he felt how soaked it was from the oozing pre-cum. He brought Deku into a one-armed embrace and crashed his mouth down into another lip-lock with him. Kirishima narrowed an eye open to glare back at his friend, who grew vexed in response.

“You wanna play that game, Shit Hair?” Katsuki asked bitterly.

Kirishima stroked Deku’s crying dick and rubbed the tip with his thumb. “You’re the one who made it a competition, Explosion Boy.”

“Shut up.” Katsuki pounded into his boyfriend again, using one hand to dig his nails into the plush skin of Izuku’s butt, and using his other hand to work that needy, trembling cock – working the base while Eijirou now worked the tip. Deku clung to Kirishima and moaned in his ear as he finally neared his climax, panting in between gasps, which peppered goose bumps along the taller boy’s skin.

“Izuku…” Eijirou encouraged him more, whispering gently into his ear. “Come.”

Immediately, Izuku helplessly came right into Kirishima’s hand. The redhead smiled against Deku’s skin and planted a light, loving kiss onto the shaking boy’s forehead as he milked him dry, letting it splatter between them. Then Kirishima brought Izuku’s hand to his chest. Deku blushed when he felt those strong, hard muscles; but, he also felt the other’s rapid heartbeat, thumping wildly beneath the surface.

Shiny emeralds met yearning rubies as the two of them looked at one another, but then the shier male made a bold move. He timidly reached for Kirishima’s cock, curling his fingers around its girth.

“M-Midoriya…!” Kirishima’s voice quaked, laced with lust. “A-are you sure you want to—?”

“Heh, that’s it, Deku; put in some effort already,” Bakugou huffed.

“Kirishima-kun.” Izuku shyly smiled. “Stand up, okay? I want to make you feel good, too.”

Kirishima flushed an even darker shade of red and had to bury his face in his hands for a moment to collect himself. “Damn it… You’re so damn cute…”

Once he was able to stand, Izuku leaned in to kiss the engorged head, and then he pulled away only an inch, letting Kirishima see the precum form a gooey string in between his lips and the leaking tip. Seeing Deku look up at him while he did this had Eijirou aching with need. Izuku swirled his tongue around it and pressed into the slit to taste the salty fluid that was leaking out.

“Ffffuck…” Eijirou tangled his fingers into the other’s damp, green hair.

Izuku didn’t waste any time in attempting to take the entire length into his mouth. It was thicker than Bakugou’s, but, at most, it was only an inch longer, so Izuku tried not to be intimidated.

Kirishima sucked in a sharp breath once he felt himself slip past those soft lips. Midoriya made it about half way through before he adapted a steady, brisk pace, bobbing his head up and down and wincing around the thickness. He began to suck him off hungrily, massaging the base and squeezing it lightly as he sped up.

Deku was trying so hard to please him and that alone was more than enough to reel Kirishima in quicker. He reached down and caressed Deku’s face, watching him endearingly with hooded eyes. “Izuku…”

“F-fucking damn it,” Bakugou burrowed his face against Deku’s skin, shaking as he thrust faster. “Keep saying his name like that. The little dweeb loves it.”

“He does, huh?” Kirishima now held both sides of Izuku’s overheated face. “Is that true, my little Izuku?”

Deku shyly nodded his head as he sucked harder, keeping an eye open while the other one closed shut.

“Don’t call him yours, you fucker…” Katsuki grumpily mumbled as he took Izuku off his lap, positioned him onto his hands and knees, and began to fuck him mercilessly from behind again. “But damn his ass feels good when you talk to him like that.”

Kirishima gingerly thrust his cock further inside of the smaller male’s mouth.  He looked into Izuku’s gaze, silently asking for permission; Deku understood and nodded. The redhead moaned and thrust again, sliding it in deeper, feeling the back of Midoriya’s throat, hot against his tip. Izuku whimpered as he took it in.

Ejirou closed his eyes and groaned. “Izuku… You’re doing such a good job... I’m so close…”

Deku’s innocent, yet lewd, eyes beamed up at him, gleaming with happiness toward the praise.

It drove Kirishima to his limit. “I’m…!” He opened an eye. “Izuku, it is okay to… inside your…?”

Izuku nodded and engulfed the rest of Kirshima’s length right up to the hilt. Eijirou leaned forward and moaned as he reached his end, and Bakugou came shortly after – both boys filling up both of Izuku’s holes at the same time.

“You feel so fucking good inside,” Bakugou whispered. “I filled you up again, nerd. You always take my dick so well.”

Deku moaned and swallowed most of Kirishima’s cum, but some still managed to dribble down his chin. When Eijirou pulled out, he milked himself a bit more and the warm, white fluid spurted right onto Izuku’s face.

“Oh, I’m sorry Midoriya..!” Kirishima knelt down to wipe away the cum. “I just..! It’s a habit to stroke more—I didn’t mean to get your face!”

Deku softly smiled at the other’s care. “It-it’s okay, Kirishima-kun, really.”

Katsuki pulled out and spread Izuku’s ass cheeks to watch his cum spill out of him. The hole gaped and tightened up again, completely soaked in white. “You’re such a good little fuck, Deku. How did it feel having both of your holes filled?”

“You ate it right up, Izuku,” Kirishima said as he ran his thumb across Deku’s wet lips. “Did you like it that much?”

Izuku shyly covered his mouth. “Y-yes… You guys… both felt really good.” He honestly couldn’t pry his eyes away from Kirishima’s cock. It wasn’t flaccid, but he definitely wanted to see it hard again.

Bakugou looked down at his boyfriend and laughed. “Still raring to go, huh?” He walked out of the shower room and over to the bench in front of the lockers. He sat on it, legs shamelessly spread out, and then he gestured to Deku. “Get over here. We’re not anywhere near done with you yet.”

Kirishima kindly took Izuku’s hand, helped him up, but then he just decided to carry him over to where Katsuki waited because he clearly couldn’t move – plus, he was hard again.

“Oi, Kirishima. Put him down; I want him to do something.”

Once Deku’s wobbly feet were on the floor again, Bakugou took his own dick into his hand and pumped it a few times. “Hey, Deku… Put on a show for us, will you?”

“H-huh??” Izuku gulped. “What do you mean?”

“Come here.” Bakugou reached up to grab the back of Izuku’s neck and pull him down so that he was bent over and showing his rear end to Kirishima, his hands planted on either side of Bakugou’s thighs on the bench now. Katsuki watched both Izuku and Kirishima’s faces ignite in red. A mischievous smirk then tugged at his lips. “Touch yourself, Deku.”

“B-but, Kacchan! How-”

“Like this, you idiot.” The blonde stroked his own length again and made sure Izuku’s vision was kept pointed downward to watch it. “You’re hard again, aren’t you? Fucking touch yourself.”

Kirishima was already hardening up again. The image of Izuku bent over in front of him was so overwhelming and intoxicating that he doubted he could follow the ‘rules’ this way. Nevertheless, he stepped forward and slid his hands down Deku’s sides and gripped him at the hips, pressing his shaft against the crack of Midoriya’s bottom. The gesture had the smallest male tremble with a soft gasp.

“I… wanna see you touch yourself, too, Izuku.” Kirishima chimed in, pressing himself harder against the plushy skin.

Izuku looked up at Bakugou, who gave him a quick kiss before pushing his head down again. “What’ll turn you on more, Deku? Watching me get hard or feeling Kirishima get hard?”

Midoriya whined and started to massage his own dick, squeezing hard as he stroked. He felt the two pairs of possessive, prying eyes practically fondling him as he continued. He heard the sounds of both lovers touching themselves to the show he was putting on. Deku’s shyness was getting the best of him, but seeing Katsuki grow strong and erect again, and feeling Kirishima’s dick get so hard and hot – his stage fright gradually melted away and he got lost in a lecherous haze. He began stroking himself harder, desperate to reach his approaching climax.

“You’re so sexy, Izuku,” Kirishima leaned in and whispered in his ear. “I really wish I could fuck this cute ass of yours. I want to so badly. I’d pour every last bit of me into you.”

Midoriya pumped faster and pre-cum leaked out of him, dripping to the floor. “K-Kirishima-kun…”

“Mm, that’s right. Say my na—”

Bakugou shoved his hand into Kirishima’s face and pushed him back. “How ‘bout it, Deku? You wanna feel my dick fill you up again? You always squeeze so nicely around it.” He raised his hips up so that his leaking tip touched Deku’s lips. Deku kissed it in response. “Heh, see? You love it. You’ve been dreaming about my cock since we were kids, and now you can’t get enough of it, can you?”

Izuku blushed and more pre-cum came spilling out of him. “Kacchan…”

Bakugou laughed and leaned in, near his ear. “You’re leaking so much, Deku. Tell me, are you thinking about me, or Kirishima?”

Deku twitched. “Both…”

Kirishima grabbed both of those butt cheeks and spread them apart to rub himself even deeper against that tiny entrance. It got slick with his precum and he pressed harder, grinding his hips. He was about to dip himself into there, but Katsuki grinned and quickly turned Izuku around and pulled him into his lap.

“Were you going to break the rules just now?” Bakugou mocked.

Eijirou frowned. “Fuck you, man.”

Izuku turned to face Katsuki. “Kacchan, that’s not—”

Bakugou then looped his arms behind Izuku’s knees and pulled his legs up, showing him on full display to Kirishima, who looked at him hungrily.

Deku shyly squirmed and covered his face in shame. “K-Kacchan! What—why’re you—?!”

Katsuki peered at Kirishima. “So, what’ll you do now?”

Eijirou eyed Deku’s throbbing erection. He got to his knees and licked the wet tip, and Izuku gasped and looked down at Kirishima through splayed fingers. The redhead lovingly smiled up at him before gently nuzzling the balls and licking the underside of them. Even Bakugou watched as Kirishima licked from the base to the tip, and then he glided his breath along the length and planted a kiss on it. Kirishima’s feelings for Deku shined warmly through his sensual actions, like a candle flame in the night.

Midoriya’s eyes pooled with attachment and longing. “Kirishima-kun…”

“You’re so cute, Izuku,” Eijirou whispered as he caressed Izuku’s thighs. “Let me return the favor for what you gave me earlier, okay?”

Izuku cried out when Kirishima slowly took him into his mouth, carefully ghosting his sharp teeth over the hardened skin until the entirety of Deku’s dick was inside. He lapped at the sensitive flesh that was still soaked with pre-cum, sucking gently and tasting him.

“Mmph…” Kirishima’s heart jumped. His thoughts were on cloud nine, and his mouth kept going, pulling away until he was almost off, and then he’d take it all in again, swirling his tongue around as he sucked.

“Kirishima-kun..!” Deku hips involuntarily moved, wanting more. “I’m… already…”

Eijirou squeezed Deku’s thighs and then gripped his hips, taking him all the way in to the hilt. He peeked up at him and snuck a finger into Izuku’s entrance, slipping it in to the knuckle, and then adding a second digit, easing it inside because it was still so slippery.

“Aahh..!” Midoriya moaned and nearly lost himself right then and there.

Bakugou smirked and, without warning, he let go of one of Deku’s legs to reach down and slide two fingers into Deku’s entrance as well, alongside Kirishima’s. “Shut up and cum, you damn nerd.”

The white fluid came rushing out of him and into Ejirou’s mouth as he sucked it hard, swallowing every spurt until Deku rode out his climax and melted in Bakugou’s lap.

Kirishima pulled away and licked his lips. “You taste so good, Izuku.” He then lapped up the mess and kissed the swollen tip. “You’re adorable when you cum.”

Deku panted and stared at Eijirou with a misty gaze and a tired smile. “Y-you tasted good, too, Kirish—”

Bakugou grabbed Izuku’s chin to turn his head and face him. “Don’t think we’re finished just because you came again.” His ruby gaze was predatory and lustful, burning into Deku. “I’m fucking hard again, so you better find a better use for your mouth than to compliment that idiot's taste.”

Midoriya kissed him in response, cupping Katsuki’s face with his hands and turning all the way around in his lap. “Kacchan, you don’t have to feel so jealous.”

“Who said I was jealous?” Bakugou took Izuku’s hand and planted it onto his steaming core and felt those thin, scarred fingers willingly curl around the thick base. “Heh, that’s right, Deku. You feel that?”

Izuku nodded and gripped it tightly, stroking it in preparation.

Katsuki grinned. “Get on your knees.”

Izuku complied and licked Katsuki’s length, wrapping his lips around the heated head.

Bakugou sighed in pleasure, and then glanced at Kirishima. “Hey… What’s one thing you’ve always wanted to do to Deku?”

Eijirou looked him straight in the eye. “Fuck him.”

“…Besides that.”

“…” Eijirou silently glanced at Izuku’s ass and gulped.

Bakugou smirked. “You rotten, horny bastard.”

Deku blinked and peered back at Kirishima, tilting his head in confusion. “Hm?”

Kirishima simpered. “Don’t worry, Izuku. I’m gonna make you feel damn good.” He quickly positioned Deku to be on his hands and knees again, and then leaned forward to plant a kiss onto his butt before biting it teasingly.

Izuku hitched in pleasure. “Kirishima-kun…??”

Bakugou grabbed his boyfriend by the hair and refocused his attention onto the task at hand, letting his dick slip past those lips again. Katsuki then sat back and enjoyed the show.

Izuku sucked and licked, but felt his body shake with eagerness. He pulled away to press his lover’s dick against the side of his cheek, kissing the base of its shaft and then trailing his tongue all the way up every inch. He took it all in and sucked until Bakugou was writhing.

“Mmph… That’s a good boy, Deku.”

Kirishima firmly grasped Izuku’s plump ass cheeks and spread them out before he boldly licked the quivering hole – a long, hard, teasing lick. The sensation made Deku moan loudly around the length in his mouth. The humming vibrations coated Katsuki’s dick and had him aching for more.

“You like that, Izuku?” Kirishima asked.

Izuku removed his mouth from Katsuki breathlessly. “Yes…! P-please don’t stop.”

Kirishima dove right in. Izuku moaned and whimpered in tunes he never thought possible, and Katsuki had a front row seat to the embarrassing faces Izuku portrayed.

“Heh… You always did like getting your ass eaten out, huh, Deku?”

Eijirou wouldn’t light up, either. He sloppily licked the outer rim and shoved his tongue in, groaning as he did so, making Izuku cry in pleasure. He pulled those cheeks apart, clutching them so brutally that his hands visibly shook. “You taste so good, Izuku…”

Deku shakily maintained his rhythm on Katsuki, bobbing his head and sucking hard. He massaged the balls and began deep-throating him, closing his eyes tightly and whimpering around the throbbing cock. He stopped for only a moment. “Kacchan, please… I want your cum…”

Those sultry words caused the blond to grind his hips up into his boyfriend’s mouth. “F-fuck, Deku…!” He kept face-fucking Izuku until he finally released his essence, spewing such a big load that it drooled out of Izuku’s mouth. The smaller male could feel the hot cum pool in the back of his throat and he swallowed as much as he could.

But then Deku threw his head back and yelped when he felt Kirishima shove his tongue deeper inside him. The redhead’s entire body was trembling as he continued tongue-fucking Izuku, and he didn’t even try to be discrete. His tongue was flat and soaked against the puckered flesh, ravenously lapping at that tiny, twitching hole, swirling around it and inside it. Kirishima tried hard to stay sane, but he absolutely lavished this kink and it made Izuku scream.

Bakugou was actually getting turned on again. “Heh… Damn, I knew you liked him, but not this much.” He smirked and unashamedly stretched his foot out to poke Kirishima’s aching cock. “You’re hard as a rock. Tell me; do you jack off to the thought of eating out Deku’s ass?”

Eijirou blushed up to his ears and nuzzled deeper in between the two, plush cheeks.

Bakugou then lifted Deku up and placed him onto his lap, allowing him to straddle it so that he was still facing Katsuki, and his bottom was still facing Kirishima. Then, Bakugou reached down to spread out Deku’s ass cheeks and display the dripping hole to his best friend. Drool seeped out of Izuku’s quivering entrance.

“Go ahead and ravish it,” Katsuki said. “I want it nice and lubed up for me. If you do a good job, maybe I’ll let you fuck him.”

Kirishima didn’t even hesitate. He ate it out so hard that he was breathless, moaning against the tight hole as Izuku cried out, feeling dizzy in the bliss. Deku clung onto Katsuki for support, whimpering and whining as his entire body became peppered in goose bumps, elevating in ecstasy. He dug his nails into Bakugou’s back, leaving bright red scratches along his skin.

Kirishima kept at it, going strong, not wavering for a second. Desire welled up in his eyes. He shoved his tongue in over and over again, and a string of saliva nonchalantly dripped onto the ground.

Bakugou let out a huffy laugh as he kept his strong grip on Deku’s ass cheeks. “Hell, Kirishima, are you going to cum just from tasting that cute, little fuck hole?”

“Mmph..!”

Izuku gasped. “E-Eijirou-kun…”

At the sound of his name, Kirishima groaned and splattered the floor white with his fluid. He finally gave some aid to his cock and slowly stood up while doing so, milking it dry and letting it squirt repeatedly all over Deku’s backside, coating that slick entrance. Izuku came hard as well, painting Katsuki’s bare abs in white.

Midoriya looked behind him and watched Kirishima in the afterglow, both of them panting and shaking. Eijirou’s face burned at the sight of Deku’s entrance soaked with his cum – but, that’s when Bakugou maneuvered his hips to line up his dick with Izuku’s hole and dip his way inside, sheathing his length into his core again.

“Kacchan..!” Deku’s voice cracked.

“You two are jerks.” Bakugou huffed as he slid in deeper. “Mm, but, thanks for lubing him up for me like I asked. You put that annoying mouth of yours to good use.”

Izuku gulped as he sat down into it, letting the familiar cock enter him once more. “K-kacchan…? Let’s… Um… Can I get Kirishima hard again?”

Both of the taller males looked at him with surprise at such a bold request.

Katsuki glared at Kirishima, and the redhead smiled in response. “You did say you’d let me fuck him if I did a good job.”

“I said ‘maybe’.”

Eijirou stepped right up and rubbed his dick against Izuku’s bottom. “Seeing how he wants my cock up again, I say that means I did a good job, right? He came, too, after all.”

“Heh…” Bakugou thrust into his boyfriend. “Shut up, you bastard.”

Kirishima turned Izuku around to see him, and cupped his face while he watched the poor boy squirm as Bakugou started fucking him again. “I like the look on your face when you take a dick, Izuku. You’re more adorable than I ever imagined.” Kirishima grabbed both of their lengths together in a strong grip and started stroking. “I can’t wait to see the face you make when you take mine.”

Katsuki quickly hooked his arms behind the bends of Deku’s knees and hoisted his legs up once more, on full display to the blushing Eijirou again. Kirishima watched his friend’s thick cock slam into Deku, skin slapping and dicks leaking. Seeing Izuku’s face so closely while he got fucked had Kirishima hard again sooner than they thought possible. He smirked and leaned in close to Midoriya, their noses touching.

“You want me to fuck you, too, Izuku?”

Deku shyly closed his eyes and nodded. Eijirou licked his lips and kept holding Izuku’s face in place so that he couldn’t break eye contact. “Good. How about you look at me while you cum then?”

Bakugou groaned as he felt his lover’s insides clamp down around him again. He spanked Izuku’s ass hard and shoved himself in as deeply as he could, and slammed his tip into that sweet spot with slow, forceful thrusts.

“You better cum.” Bakugou said with a smirk. “Fucking cum, Izuku.”

Midoriya flushed beet-red and cum flew out of him, dick twitching and littering white all over Kirishima’s abs. Eijirou helped milk him dry again, teasing that cute tip with his thumb.

“Fuck…!” Bakugou’s cum rushed into Deku and seeped out of his hole once more. He panted, but quickly came out of the afterglow and glared up at Kirishima, who glared right back at him. The blond removed himself and went to his locker to get some more lube after he had carefully placed the tired Deku onto the bench. Kirishima held Deku upright to help support him.

Then, Bakugou tossed the bottle of lube at Kirishima’s face, and it bounced off, right into Izuku’s hands.

Kirishima rubbed his forehead. “Ouch…”

Katsuki rejoined them on the bench. “What position you want him in?”

Eijirou blushed. “…One that I can see his face in.”

Izuku felt his heart swell. “K-kirishima-kun…”

The redhead stood at the edge of the bench and had Izuku lay down flat on his back while he lubed up his thick, throbbing cock. Bakugou scooted forward, straddling the bench beneath him. He had Deku lay his head on his lap for comfort. He also didn’t want Izuku to forget about him during this next event, so having his dick beside his boyfriend’s face was essential.

He looked up at Kirishima. “You better make it quick, you bastard.”

Ejirou stepped forward. “Hey, Izuku… Call me Eijirou from now on, okay?”

Deku nodded and gathered up the courage to try and say it again. “Eijirou…kun.”

The warmest smile appeared on Kirishima’s face and he stole a quick kiss from the shy Izuku before continuing. He planted his hands behind Deku’s knees, lifted and pushed them forward, holding them out to portray that tiny, little entrance. He squished his tip against the puckered skin, the noise from the lube wet and sticky. Izuku shuddered at the contact.

“You’re so damn cute, Izuku…” Eijirou’s voice was barely above a whisper.

Deku looked down at that large girth, a little worried that it would hurt once it entered him. Kirishima was able to ease his tip inside and Izuku tightened up around the thickness, making the redhead breathe out a sultry sigh as he slid himself in further. He kept his gaze locked onto Deku receiving him, watching his every expression. He was in absolute awe over how beautiful Midoriya was beneath him.

Kirishima wasn’t even half way through, and the friction began. Izuku softly moaned and could feel his body tremble and ache with anticipation as his entrance struggled to engulf that wide length.

Eijirou huffed, trying to hold himself together. “Does it hurt?”

Izuku shook his head. “No… Please, don’t stop. You feel so good…”

“Hurry up, Shit Hair, before I change my mind.” Katsuki chimed in.

Kirishima suddenly grinned. “I want him to beg for it, though.”

Deku reacted by reaching down and spreading himself out. “More…”

“More?” That sharp-toothed smirk only cracked wider as he sank in a little deeper, going agonizingly slow. “You want me to fuck you, Izuku?”

“Yes..!”

“Say it, then.”

Izuku gulped. “P-please… Please fuck me, Eijirou-kun..!”

Kirishima slid past the threshold and shoved himself so deep into Deku that he nearly winced at how tight and heated it was on the inside. ‘I’m finally inside of Izuku…’ He thrust into the smaller male, making them both shudder in pleasure. “So tight… How does it feel?”

Deku gulped. “Amazing…”

That gave Kirishima more confidence, enough to even peer up at Bakugou. “This feels better than I thought it would. I can barely stuff it into him.”

Katsuki scowled. “Mind your place, you bastard.”

Kirishima thrust into Deku over and over again, fawning over the faces Deku made and the sounds he emitted. Eijirou then rolled Izuku onto his side and propped his leg up onto his shoulder before he started pounding into him at a merciless pace. Kirishima groaned while his movements were precise but desperate, aching for more, digging so deep into Midoriya.

“Ejirou-kun…! Ah…” Izuku held Bakugou’s hand and squeezed it tight. But, he also didn’t forget about his boyfriend’s erection, which was still flushed against his face. He turned his head to suck Katsuki’s cock again, eagerly coaxing it with his tongue.

“Mm, Deku, you’re such a fucking pervert…” Bakugou smirked as he watched Izuku struggle to suck his dick and hold his own ass open for the giant length that was slamming into him. It was probably the most lewd sight he’d ever seen his lover in, and he was a bit taken back by how much stamina Deku had. “I never knew you were this virile. I bagged myself a nice one.”

Kirishima’s cock still had a bit of friction even after the lube and adjustment, but Izuku just spread himself out for more, fearlessly allowing even deeper access. He thought he’d break, but it felt so damn good. Pre-cum spewed out of his hole and his own dick every time Kirishima slammed into him. He felt that large tip viciously pound into the bundle of nerves within him, teasing his oncoming climax. Eijirou was breathless and breaking a sweat, unable to control himself anymore, fucking Izuku without any more hesitation.

He was finally doing the man he had always wanted, and this was probably his only opportunity to do so. But, he tried not to think about that negative part. In that moment, to him, it was only he and Midoriya. “Izuku..! Fuck…” He leaned down to pull Deku away from sucking dick and caught his lips in a powerful kiss, licking the inside of his mouth while Midoriya moaned and tears of sheer pleasure trickled out of his eyes.

Izuku let go of Bakugou’s hand and moved it to the unattended arousal, pumping it clean until it spewed cum all over both of their faces while they feverishly made out.

“G-goddammit, you two… idiots…” Katsuki was breathless and smearing his dick into Deku’s face, coming harder and painting his lover with more splashes of white.

Kirishima then reached back to grab Deku’s neediness, stroking it in rhythm with his thrusting. “Does it feel good, Izuku?” He breathed into the smaller male’s ear. “You like me fucking you raw? I wonder if you’ve ever thought about this before…”

Izuku could barely keep his eyes open; yet, he met his gaze in a lewd, yearning stare. “Yes… Keep fucking me, Eijirou-kun…  It feels too good…”

Kirishima shoved himself balls deep into Deku and held still, feeling his cock throb in unison with Deku’s tightening walls. “You want me to pour myself into you, too, Izuku?”

“Y-yes!” More tears flowed from his eyes as he reached his edge, littering white all over his own torso and splashing up Kirishima’s arm.

The redhead kissed his tears away and fucked him into absolute oblivion. Deku screamed, the bench nearly broke, and Kirishima came so hard inside of that tight hole that his body shivered and kept spewing inside him, wave after wave. Thick cum drooled out of Deku and formed a small puddle on the bench and it seeped through the cracks and onto the floor. Kirishima rode out his climax, emptying every last drop of himself into Deku, watching the fluid just flow out of him, nonstop.

Bakugou scowled at the sight, grabbed the lube, and slathered himself. “Keep your dick in him, Kirishima.” He was demanding and stern. He lifted Deku and shoved him onto the other male, forcing them both down to the floor with Izuku on top of Eijirou, who was now on his back, but still inside of Deku.

Katsuki squeezed the remainder of the bottle onto Izuku’s backside, coating his straining hole. “You’re going to be punished for that shit, Deku. You’re my boyfriend; remember that.”

Izuku swung his head around when Bakugou started pushing his tip inside the slick, already-stuffed entrance. “Kacchan?!” His voice was high-pitched. “Y-you’re not serious??”

“Of course I am. Don’t make light of me.”

Deku gulped. “But… Will it even fit??”

Kirishima shuddered when he realized where this was going. A grin tugged at his lips while he reached down to spread Izuku’s ass out to help Bakugou, trying to stretch the poor hole out wider with his fingertips.

“Quit your whining,” Katsuki huffed as he tried to work the hole with his fingertips, too. “I’m going to fuck you up.”

Slowly, but surely, the two of them were able to slide their fingers in around Kirishima’s dick, within the struggling entrance. Bakugou then tried to press his tip in again.

“B-but, Eijirou-kun’s was big enough! I don’t think yours will fit, too…” Izuku buried his face into Kirishima’s shoulder and clung to him for support.

“Relax, you damn nerd.” Bakugou grabbed Deku’s hips and leaned forward to kiss the back of his lover’s neck and kiss his ear, grinding against him, feeling his tip slip through. “Do you want this or not?”

Izuku gulped. “I… I always want you, Kacchan.”

“Then, it’s settled.” He somehow slithered his way inside, half way at first until Kirishima maneuvered himself more and helped Bakugou sink in. With the help of so much lube and leftover cum, his dick was able to go all the way in, breaking past the even tighter threshold this time around.

Izuku dug his nails into Ejirou’s back, leaving scratches behind that rivaled the ones he had inflicted onto Katsuki earlier. The redhead was already hard again, overjoyed to get to fuck Izuku a second time.

Bakugou thrust once and Deku winced. He waited until the poor, stretched, beaten hole adjusted to the new girth inside it. He comforted Izuku with more kisses and love bites on his neck and shoulders. He even licked the outer shell of Midoriya’s ear before whispering, “I love you, Izuku.”

Izuku was honestly moved by the loving gesture. “I love you, too, Kacchan.”

Kirishima contributed too, by sliding his hands along Deku’s sides, softening his touches, and rubbing Izuku’s toned back with some encouragement. “Thank you, Izuku; I’m so glad you want me like this,” he whispered into Deku’s ear before kissing it. “You can do it.”

Bakugou thrust into him again. The friction of two, thick cocks inside of him nearly drove Izuku to the edge already – he couldn’t believe both of them were inside. “Kacchan… Eijirou-kun…”

Kirishima took a turn to thrust this time, and Bakugou followed suit, both of them slowly grabbing a rhythm with one another. All three males were flushed and hungry; although, Katsuki and Eijirou glared at each other for the challenge. Bakugou started pounding into Deku harder, making their thrusts uneven and sloppy, but both tips were pounding into Izuku’s sweet spot, causing him to yelp and cry.

“Yeah, Deku, fucking scream.” Katsuki grinned and went faster, digging his fingers into Deku’s hips. “Since when did you become so cock-hungry, you damn nerd?”

Kirishima smirked and leaned in to Deku’s ear. “Do you like both of our dicks in your ass, Izuku?”

Midoriya moaned and kept his face hidden in Eijirou’s chest. He couldn’t string together any words, much less sentences. All he could do was cling and cry for more.

Neither Bakugou nor Kirishima slowed down, either. Once the competition was established, they both got faster. Lube, saliva, pre-cum, and previous cum made a mess in both of their laps as Kirishima sat up and propped Deku upright onto their penetrating dicks. He bit Deku’s neck and grabbed his butt cheeks again, gripping hard and spreading them wide. Bakugou reached around to pump Deku’s cock and used his other hand to shove two fingers inside Deku’s mouth, groaning as Izuku instinctively sucked them. He even sunk his teeth into the other side of Izuku’s neck. Both of them were leaving their marks.

Kirishima soon began to do him faster, grabbing those hips and moving Izuku’s body up and down on their cocks, making him ride them. Kirishima couldn’t keep the grin off his face, all his sharp teeth shining. “You’re so sexy, Izuku. I want you to cum – cum hard for us.” He reached for Izuku’s dick as well and helped Bakugou pump it. All of them were breathless and desperate to climax.

Izuku suddenly had a rush of energy and began to ride them himself, spreading his own cheeks out and using that stamina of his to his advantage. He rode and screamed and sat down into it over and over again. Deku leaned back on his boyfriend and came hard, squirting onto Kirishima’s abs and chest.

“Sh-shit, Izuku…!” Kirishima fell forward and held Deku tightly in his arms as he came, too. His cum poured into him once again, and a lot flowed out in a sloppy, sticky mess.

Bakugou reached his end shortly after. He actually grabbed Deku’s hips and sunk him down even harder onto their cocks as he exploded inside him. So much thick, white cum spilled out of Deku, coating both dicks and the thighs beneath him.  Katsuki buried his face into Izuku’s back and tried to catch his breath. Kirishima kept his arms wrapped around Deku’s waist and held him close in the afterglow.

“Kacchan,” Izuku huffed. “We… need to get some more lube.”