All things considered, Wei Wuxian had been having a pretty good day up until he got kidnapped.

He’d woken up in the morning when his husband had left the bed, the absence of his human mattress apparent even in the throes of slumber. He’d persuaded Lan Wangji to return to bed by arching in the way he knew displayed his bite mark strewn body in its entirety, legs falling open to show a puffy hole still loose from last night's activities.

Lan Wangji had let out a little growl, and then Wei Wuxian had been pushed into the sheets once more.

It was hours later, at a time more befitting to Wei Wuxian’s usual waking time, that their endless desire for one another was at last sated enough to warrant leaving the pleasure drenched sheets. Lan Wangji came for the third time, hot spend filling up Wei Wuxian’s stretched and oversensitive insides as possessive teeth dug into the delicate skin beneath Wei Wuxian’s neck, forming marks to match the ones which painted Wei Wuxian’s body in hues of red and pink and green.
Stretching handprints adorned a slender waist and hips, and those same hands which had gripped and manhandled with a blazing passion now soothed gently, massaging aching muscles and tracing words of love and adoration onto expanses of skin.

Wei Wuxian’s head fell back to rest on one of Lan Wangji’s broad shoulders, elegant throat bared as he mumbled sleepily “A-Yuan is growing smarter and smarter by the day, I swear to you, Lan Zhan, our son is a genius. I wouldn’t be surprised if he surpassed all his peers within the year.”

One of Lan Wangji’s big hands rested over the smooth planes of Wei Wuxian’s small stomach, rubbing scented oils into his husband's inky tresses. Lan Wangji’s clipped nails scraped pleasantly over his scalp, sending small shudders down Wei Wuxian’s spine.
Lan Wangji’s hands had always been a point of wonder, but now Wei Wuxian knew them intimately well.
Knew how they felt inside of him, two, three, four fingers, stretching him open and playing him like his husband did his qin, reducing him to a mess of soundless cries and whimpers.
He knew how they tasted, when Lan Wangji would take him from behind and Wei Wuxian would suck on the digits in an attempt to stifle his keening cries of pleasure.
He knew how they felt digging into his thighs, supple skin conceding to a powerful grip, leaving Wei Wuxian writhing on the bed and gasping for more.

Those hands had brought him pleasure and love. The same hands which wielded Bichen with a deadly accuracy, which cut down men and beast as easily as a farmer cut down the millet in his field were also the hands that cradled Wei Wuxian with a startling tenderness.
The same hands that brushed over his skin in worshipping touches, that had pressed love and devotion into his body. That had fed and bathed him and sheltered him from a cruel world. The hands that had held Wei Wuxian close when nightmares threatened to overwhelm him. The shoulders which had borne the weight of responsibility, and the arms that had caught Wei Wuxian and never let him fall again.

They all formed part of the man Wei Wuxian loves.

“I’m thinking of taking A-Yuan to Caiyi town today,” Wei Wuxian said, shifting in the water to slip his long legs over the firm muscled thighs of Lan Wangji’s, hips resting perfectly in the cradle of his husband's body.
One of Lan Wangji’s big hands came up to span his slender waist, tugging him closer until their bare torsos pressed tightly together, the slide of water over their skin caressing touch.

“Would you like to have lunch there?” Lan Wangji’s fingers, long, calloused, clever, were stroking over the knobs of Wei Wuxian’s spine, little trembling shivers from the sensitivity radiating over his body as a result. He clung closer to Lan Wangji, arms thrown over broad shoulders and legs firmly knotted around Lan Wangji’s hips.

Lan Wangji placed a kiss to his shoulder as Wei Wuxian replied, “Would you be able to join us, husband? Make it a family meal.”

He could feel Lan Wangji’s guilt in the way the arms around him went stiff, and Wei Wuxian was quick to soothe his husband with smattering kisses pressed all over the fine lines of his face.

“Aiyah, Lan Zhan, don’t look so glum! There’ll be plenty of opportunities to eat together in the future, dear husband, no need to worry about this one!”

Lan Wangji just hummed, holding Wei Wuxian even tighter.

“Besides, you indulge A-yuan too much. If our son grows up spoiled because of you- - “ impossible and Wei Wuxian knew it, their son was an angel, “-then you’ll be the one explaining that to Lan Qiren.”

“Mn,” Lan Wangji huffed softly, a slight smile playing at the corner of his lips. “I will take responsibility.”

Lan Wangji’s hands had fallen to the smooth globes of Wei Wuxian’s derrière, and he began squeezing and palming the cheeks in his tight grip, until Wei Wuxian could not withhold the moan that bubbled up past his lips.

“Lan Zhannn~” he exhaled a bit shakely, grinning nonetheless, “are you so insatiable that you crave this poor man’s body even after you took him so roughly? How shameless of you!” he yelped as Lan Wangji suddenly pinched the soft fat between his cheek and thigh.

Lan Wangji’s eyes looked at him in silent warning, and he could feel where his husband was half hard, rapidly firming erection a solid weight between his cheeks.

“What are you going to do to me gege?” Wei Wuxian asked, eyes wide in false innocence.
Lan Wangji’s gaze tracked the movement of a pink tongue as it darted out to wet red lips, golden eyes dark and heavy with lust.

His husband's fingers slid slowly upwards, a teasing touch that traced up the curve of his behind, sliding between full cheeks to rest over a twitching hole.

“So naughty Lan Zhan — ah!” At once Lan Wangji slid in two fingers, two long, skilful fingers that knew just how to twist and press against that spot that had Wei Wuxian crying out in pleasure.

“Lan Zhannn,” he whined, his head falling forwards to rest on Lan Wangji’s shoulder as he panted hotly into Lan Wangji’s neck. His husband was relentless, calloused fingertips scissoring him open, dragging across his inner walls, massaging his prostate until Wei Wuxian was squirming on his lap, legs splayed wide over Lan Wangji’s strong hips leaving him open and defenceless to the pleasurable assault.

“Er-gege~” he keened as Lan Wangji added another finger, fucking them into Wei Wuxian’s tight hole as he gasped out his lovers name. Wei Wuxian’s lips parted in a permanent moan as Lan Wangji’s other hand came up to grasp his erection, pumping it in time with the rhythm of his fingers until Wei Wuxian had to gasp back tears, hips bucking into Lan Wangji’s teasing grip that edged just on the side of not enough.

“P..please — ngh — Lan Zhan, gege, husband, let me come, let your poor Wei Ying come”

“Mn,” Lan Wangji just hummed, indifferent, the sharp fuck of his fingers gaining a mean twist, and Wei Wuxian could only shudder at just how turned on he was, thighs trembling as he rolled his hips, seeking stimulation from both ends.

“Lan Zhan please just fuck me. Fuck me, gege, please, I need you”

His skin was burning, the heat from Lan Wangji’s body and the rising steam from the fragrant water enveloping him like a blanket. Sweat dotted his pink- flushed chest along with the droplets of water that shone like tiny crystals. Lan Wangji growled, fingers plunging in impossibly deep, spreading as they were dragged back out and Wei Wuxian cried out wantonly.

The omnipresent heat was why the sudden icy touch on his chest made him gasp so loudly.

Wei Wuxian had a habit of keeping a cold drink beside the tub to cool himself down, having designed a talisman that could freeze water into small cubes that were easily transportable.

Lan Wangji had grabbed one of these ice cubes and was now tracing it down Wei Wuxian’s bare skin. Down the column of his neck down to his flushed chest. Wei Wuxian gasped as it circled around his pink nipples, the nubs hardening due to icy shock. Lan Wangji’s tongue immediately followed the same path, and the contrast between the cold and the warmth made him shudder, dangerously close to coming.

“Lan Zhan, please” he begged, gripping tight onto Lan Wangji’s shoulders and trying to fuck himself down on his fingers, squirming into and away from the harsh sucks on his chest.

His insides clench even more around Lan Wangji’s digits every time his husband’s cold fingers play at his chest, quickly followed by sharp teeth and a hot tongue. It is this added tightness that allows Wei Wuxian to angle his hips in such a way that Lan Wangji’s calloused fingertips scrape over his prostate, and he rides them ever more desperately. His weeping erection brushing against the ridiculously defined torso of his husband provides the last needed bit of friction and Wei Wuxian comes apart shuddering.

When at last his body has stopped trembling, he finishes Lan Wangji off with his mouth, taking him in deep and nosing at coarse hairs.

“Thank you for the meal, gege” Wei Wuxian had said, kneeling, licking the last trace of spend that he hadn’t managed to swallow from his lips.

It was really a wonder they’d managed to leave the Jingshi at all.

***

“Baba, look! It’s a bunny!” A-Yuan’s tiny hand tugged on Wei Wuxian’s larger one as his son pointed enthusiastically to a stall a few metres away. The table was adorned with all manner of charms and talismans, jade statues that caught the midday light and mirrors with handles encrusted with jewels. In the middle sat what was obviously the main attraction, and the thing which had so caught Lan Yuan’s attention.

A beautiful drawing of a rabbit, so life-like in its detailing Wei Wuxian was surprised to see it stationary, half expecting a flick of an ear or twitch of a round nose.

“A-Die likes bunnies Baba” Lan Yuan said, his small face earnest in its sincerity as he peered up at Wei Wuxian.

Wei Wuxian’s heart ached with fondness.

“You’re right A-Yuan, he does. Should we go over and see if there’s anything we can get for A-Die?” Wei Wuxian lowered his tone conspiratorially, crouching down so he was on eye level with his son. A-Yuan looked as if he might fall over with excitement he responded so eagerly, a grin that could rival the suns alighting on his face.

“Yes please Baba! Thank you Baba!” And A-Yuan threw his arms around Wei Wuxian’s neck, clinging on tight as Wei Wuxian fell into full bodied laughter, clutching his son close to him and littering obnoxiously loud smoochy kisses on his cheeks until A-Yuan was shrieking with joy.

“Such a good son you are, so filial!” He carried the little body in his arms as he walked towards the stool, fluidly dodging over enthusiastic shoppers and grandmas with pointy elbows.

The man at the stool looked up when they approached, and then seemed to do a double take before his features smoothened out to the genial mask of a seller preparing to dupe potential customers.

Jokes on him, Wei Wuxian was a master at haggling, and A-Yuan despite being only 4 and a half had perfected his father's ice-cold stare of disapproval whenever someone lied.

“What can I interest you in today, esteemed cultivator? Some talismans perhaps, or a charm for your wife?”

Wei Wuxian snorted loudly.

The talisman directly in front of him was advertising to improve one's appearance, highlighting key features such as one's eyes. What it would actually do, was cause whoever used it horrendously bad breath, so much so that everyone who encountered the individual would be so repulsed by the god awful stench they would have nowhere but to look than the person's eyes.

It was quite ingenious, but also painfully wrong. It was the kind of thing Wei Wuxian might have given to Jiang Cheng when they were younger as a joke.

The man looked taken aback, and something flashed across his eyes that was gone too soon for Wei Wuxian to register it truly. Regardless, he shifted his grasp on A-Yuan, holding him closer.

“My apologies Sir, I did not mean to offend such a handsome seller such as yourself.” He grinned in a way that never failed to make the aunties give him another meat bun, or the pretty jiejie’s blush whilst handing him more flowers.

It was also the grin that had Lan Wangji pinning him to the nearest wall and fucking his tongue into Wei Wuxian’s mouth before he could even think to gasp in surprise.

All in all, a useful grin.

“It is okay young master, your words did not offend me” the seller says, casting a glance over Wei Wuxian’s shoulder. “Besides, a cultivator such as yourself must have no need for such talismans! Your skill surely surpasses all”

“Aiyah, you’re too kind” Wei Wuxian chuckled, fiddling with Lan Wangji’s money pouch in his hand and watching the sellers eyes follow the movements greedily. “How much for this drawing of the rabbit?”

The man glanced down at it once, named a price extortionately large, then looked at Wei Wuxian as if in challenge.

The black robed cultivator did not take the bait.

“That seems a bit of a high price does it not, when I could go to the next stool and buy the same thing for a fraction of what you are proposing? I’ll offer you half that” he bounced A-Yuan on his hip as he spoke, who was playing with the red ribbon trailing through Wei Wuxian’s hair. The seller's eyes narrowed, and Wei Wuxian grinned innocently.

“Two thirds”

“One third”

“Two fifths”

“Half”

“I can’t go that low”

“Then I must wish you luck for the next customer, and go speak to that kind jiejie on the next corner” he inclined his head, then turned and began striding away.

“Wait!! Wait! Come back! I’ll sell it for half!”

Wei Wuxian grinned in triumph, and took a moment to whisper quietly to A-Yuan - “see that, A-Yuan? That’s how we barter”

“Barter” his son said, as if testing out the word.

“Exactly” Wei Wuxian delivered a smacking kiss to his nose. He’d make a haggler out of A-Yuan yet, he wouldn’t let him fall into Lan Wangji’s bad habits of accepting whatever ridiculous price was named with a simple hum.

“I knew I could count on you!” Wei Wuxian responded brightly. Seeing the begrudging acceptance in the man’s face he grinned a bit wider. He walked with a slight pleased bounce back to the man, making A-Yuan giggle in the process.

There was reluctance in the man’s movements as he packaged up the painting, handing it over to a gleeful Wei Wuxian who placed the money down quite graciously if he said so himself. A-Yuan cheered happily, and Wei Wuxian laughed, bowing to the man and uttering a cheerful thanks, and good luck for the rest of the day. The man’s scowl was like a vaguely annoying prod on his back, which Wei Wuxian ignored the entire time as he made his way to the restaurant where they would eat lunch.

“Baba, can we get tanghulu?” A-Yuan asked as they passed a stool offering the sweet snack, and Wei Wuxian hummed in deliberation, eyeing his son's big and pleading gaze.

“Not now, A-Yuan, we have to eat lunch first”

He could practically hear his son’s heartbreak.

“But Baba…” A-Yuans lower lip trembled, and Wei Wuxian had to steel his resolve so as not to immediately concede like his husband would do in this situation.

“No, A-Yuan” he said firmly “we have to eat proper food first, and then if you’re still hungry we can have snacks”

A-Yuan nodded sadly, but there was a definitive pout to his lower lip that tugged at Wei Wuxian’s heartstrings.

He wasn’t a bad parent. He was being sensible. There would be time for sweets later, right?

A-Yuan’s face was rapidly convincing him otherwise.

His son was a better actor than he thought, as the moment they stepped in through the doorway into the bustling restaurant overflowing with the rich scent of meat and spice A-Yuan brightened up considerably. He set the boy down when he began squirming, and A-Yuan immediately clasped a fistful of Wei Wuxian’s robe.

“Your normal table?” One of the servers called out as they passed, hands laden with bowls of steaming food that made Wei Wuxian’s mouth begin to salivate.
Wei Wuxian nodded, and then followed the waiter through the thronging crowds and hastily put together tables to the little sideroom at the rear of the restaurant, favoured by him and Lan Zhan for its privacy.

He maintains a watchful eye on A-Yuan the entire time, conscious of the ease with which the boy could be swept away.

When they take their place at the table Wei Wuxian orders a light and sweet fish dish for his son, and the more heavy meatballs braised in brown sauce for himself. They spent the time waiting for the food to arrive playing with the toy swords Lan Wangji had bought, and Wei Wuxian had admitted defeat several times by the time their lunch was placed on the table.

“Thank you for the meal” A-Yuan said like the good boy he was, not that Wei Wuxian was biased.

He carefully laid vegetables in A-Yuans bowl as the boy ate, ignoring his own hunger for the sight of A-Yuan eating well bought a different kind of satisfaction.

Until there was a piece of water chestnut prodding at his gently smiling lips.

“Eh?” He grunted, surprised.

“Eat, Baba” A-Yuan said, poking at Wei Wuxian’s mouth again as if to reaffirm the message. Dutifully, Wei Wuxian accepted the vegetable parcel, chewing with exaggerated sounds of happiness just to watch A-Yuans face crinkle, eyes forming crescent moons.

“Mmm so much good food here, but the tastiest looking is………..A-Yuan!!” Wei Wuxian lunged over the table growling playfully, reaching for his son who shrieked before rolling away.

“I’m gonna catch you!” He warned, wriggling his fingers for good effect, and saw A-Yuan’s head pop out from underneath the table only to dart back under quickly.

A scrabbling sound told Wei Wuxian his son was probably crawling underneath the wood, and he prowled round to the other side in order to give A-Yuan a head start.

“Where has my meal gone then, hmm? Is it hiding from me?”

A muffled giggle.

“Maybe it’s over here by the stool?” Wei Wuxian turned his back, counting to five, and heard the frantic pitter pattering of feet running away towards the bulk of the restaurant.

“Aha!” He yelled dramatically, spinning and pointing a finger at where he could just see A-Yuan’s small, triumphant face disappearing behind the door frame.

He gave chase (slowly), knowing A-Yuan was a clever boy and wouldn’t go where there were lots of other people in case he bumped into them. With that in mind he headed left at the door, following the corridor along until he burst out into the bright midday sun.

And could not see A-Yuan.

It wasn’t necessarily a cause for concern yet, A-Yuan was quite talented at hiding, and his small stature meant he could slip in easily between two barrels or crates.

It wasn’t a cause for concern and yet the seller from earlier was staring directly at Wei Wuxian from across the street, and he was wearing a dark, self satisfied smirk that was at odds with that sunniness of the day.

The sharp press of a sword into his lower back came as no surprise, neither did the whisper into his ear of-

“If you ever want to see your son again, Yiling Laozu, come with me and be quiet”

***

Like every single novel Wei Wuxian ever read, he was taken to a dilapidated shack around 5 li away. Made to walk the entire time, and dragged by the rough hemp ropes knotted around his wrists, his legs were sore and achy, blisters forming on his feet by the end of the journey.

A-Yuan had been there when he’d arrived, thankfully unharmed, although it had not stopped Wei Wuxian sending out a little shockwave of power when he caught sight of his son's teary eyed face. The burst was enough to cause a faint sighing sound, the dead shifting in their graves as the Yiling Laozu dropped to his knees to take his son in his arms.

“Baba” A-Yuan spoke quietly into his neck “where are we?”

“I don’t know A-Yuan, but it’s okay. We’re both gonna be okay yeah?”

“Yeah”

He hugged A-Yuan tighter, until a gruff voice behind him said “Alright, that’s enough. Get inside now before we kick the kid down the mountain”

Wei Wuxian’s eyes were red when he glared at the man. Danger crept across the arch of his shoulders as he drew himself up to his full height, the airs temperature falling around him.

Visible unease flickered across their captors faces until one, a gruff looking fellow Wei Wuxian decided to call Angry Face barked out-

“Stop standing around and search him for gods sake. He can’t hurt you if he doesn’t have his Chenqing”

A foolish statement Wei Wuxian thought, but subjected himself to it nonetheless, not wanting to risk A-Yuan’s safety.

He did not need his flute to wreak devastation. These men did not know that. That was their first mistake.

As rough hands groped his body, spending extra long on the curve of his hips, Wei Wuxian tried not to breathe in the putrid breath. Whereas Lan Zhan’s touch was the perfect amount of strength, this man did not care for Wei Wuxian, only for the Yiling Laozu and his famed flute which was procured with a triumphant flourish from the leather of Wei Wuxian’s belt.

“I know I’m devastatingly handsome but this is a bit much don’t you think? My Lan Zhan won’t be very happy when he finds out I’ve let another man feel me up” He said, grinning.

The man, who Wei Wuxian decided to call Bad Breath snorted, spittle flying from his lips.

“So it's true you’re the husband of the famed Hanguang Jun then? How many times did you sleep with him before he took you into his clan?”

The man’s leer was dark, eyes small and beady and searching Wei Wuxian’s face for something he would not give.

“You are not in a position to ask for my secrets”

“Is that a threat, Yiling Laozu” Bad Breath said, pushing him towards the entryway of the crumbing shack.

When Wei Wuxian laughed, it was a wild sound, free and unrestrained and at odds with the current situation. He was not afraid, for he knew what was coming. Who was coming.

The men’s second mistake was daring to take that which belonged to the Second Jade of Lan.

***

Meanwhile: in Gusu Cloud Recesses

“Hanguang Jin” a disciple approaches the working man, impassive face bent in study over a series of texts. The boys hands shake as he salutes his elder, and he tries not to collapse under the weight of burning golden eyes

“Speak.” Hanguang Jun prompts calmly, setting down his brush on the table.

The disciple swallows with difficulty past a lump in his throat that threatens to choke him.

“I..I- Hanguang Jun” his voice trembles like a leaf in the battering wind.

A minute frown forms between Hanguang Jun’s eyebrows.

“Slowly. Speak meagerly, for too many words only bring harm.”

The disciple cannot look the man in the eyes.

“Hanguang Jun there has been an…..incident. Senior Wei and Young Master Lan they are…..they are missing”

The explosion of spiritual power which surged from the area was felt by all in the Cloud Recesses. The tables and books in the library pavilion scattered, ripped from their original positions to lie jumbled on the floor. The wooden walls groaned under the oppressive weight of power pushing them out, threatening to send them crumbling down. The disciple could only stand to the side as a blur of white swept past him, the sharp glint of the famed Bichen an icy cold glare that cut through the air as the man flew, faster than the eye could track. The second burst of spiritual power was a warning, a threat, and a promise of pain of the worst kind.

Bichen’s blade would know the taste of blood tonight.

***

“Tell us how you forged the Stygian tiger seal and we will let you leave here, unharmed, along with your brat”

Light filtered in through the broken wall panes to cast long stretching shadows over the dusty floor where Wei Wuxian sat. Cold seeped into his bones, stiffening his muscles which were cramping from lack of movement, and he pulled A-Yuan closer into the cradle of his chest, blowing a raspberry on the top of his small head.

He can hear the captors exchanging glances, muttering about him. Why was he so happy? He should be terrified! He has been taken, his weapons stripped from him. All around him he is surrounded by men with swords which could easily slice his throat into a bloody mess should one of them choose to.

They wouldn’t, but part of the fun was in the anticipation.

“Baba, when will A-Die be here?” A-Yuan asked, reaching up to grasp a lock of Wei Wuxian’s hair.

“Soon, A-Yuan, soon.” Wei Wuxian reassured, pulling a silly face at A-Yuan’s upside down one where the boy had tilted his head back in curiosity.

A-Yuan giggled again, poking Wei Wuxian’s cheek with one chubby finger “Baba looks silly”

Wei Wuxian gasped.

“Me!! How could you A-Yuan!! I don’t look silly!!” As he spoke Wei Wuxian pulled a face as if he’d smelt something particularly revolting, further adding to A-Yuan’s hysterics.

“Shut the fuck up!” A sudden shattering sound made them both look up, surprised. The remains of an old pot lay on the floor in jagged shards, and as Wei Wuxian watched Angry Face kicked them so they skidded across the floor, coming dangerously close to where A-Yuans small feet dangled off Wei Wuxian’s leg.

“Stop fucking around and tell us” Bad Breath spat, face twisted in anger.

“Tell you what? The Stygian tiger seal is gone, destroyed. Even if I could remember how to make it it would be of no use to you”

“Stop lying to us, Yiling Laozu, it will not end well for you” a third man, who Wei Wuxian decided to call Greasy Hair warned, spinning the blade in his hand.

If Wei Wuxian wanted to, he could whistle a single note and a thousand bloodthirsty corpses would descend on the house, and tear the men in front of him to shreds.

He could, and yet he doesn’t, for a greater storm is approaching. He can feel it in the way the temperature drops, the way a buzz plays along his spine and his skin prickles in anticipation.

“Pray tell, what horrible fate shall befall me?” Wei Wuxian drawls “Will you hurt me? Kick me? Tie me up until I spill all my secrets? Or are you just going to stand there and hiss until something exciting happens?”

Wei Wuxian covers A-Yuan’s eyes with his hand.

“You fucking- “ Angry Face roars, striding forwards and striking Wei Wuxian across the face. The impact stings, and he is sure a red mark must be forming.

Perfect.

“You shouldn’t have done that” Wei Wuxian said to the floor, slowly turning his head to look at where Angry Face stands, breathing heavily. “He’s coming”

“Who is coming? Stop playing around Wei Ying” the man stops speaking suddenly.

There is a sword in his throat.

The remains of the door lie in shreds, and the slick sound of metal pulling out of a now dead body is startling loud in the stunned silence of the room.

Crimson spills in a waterfall of red silk from punctured skin, and the man crumples, face still slack with surprise.

Blood flecks the albastar smooth skin of Lan Wangji’s face as he stands, eyes unrecognisable in the way they are almost molten fire with rage.

“A-Die!” Lan Yuan chirps, and for a split second Lan Wangji’s face softens as he nods in greeting at his son.

It is gone however when he turns to face the other occupants of the room, who cower and clutch their shaking weapons to their chests.

“A-Yuan” Wei Wuxian says quietly “can you do Baba a favour and close your eyes until either me or A-Die say you can open them?”

“Yep” A-Yuan says, placing his palms over his face and burying his head down.

“Good boy”

His eyes meet with Lan Wangji’s for a moment, a silent signal, and then death sweeps through the room.

Lan Wangji spares no mercy, his stabs are aimed in a way that ensures the most suffering, with the least reprieve. Blood paints the walls and horrid screams write the story of greedy men’s final moments. Bichen felled those who dared take what belonged to her wielder.

In the wake of the massacre that coloured the room red, neither Wei Wuxian nor Lan Wangji notice the shuddering lump who drags his mutilated body behind Wei Wuxian. When suddenly there is the sharp kiss of one of the jagged pottery shards from earlier on Wei Wuxian’s throat he sucks in a sharp breath. Lan Wangji’s hears and spins around, and the sharp crack of his knuckles tightening on Bichen’s hilt echoes over the juddering breaths of the man behind Wei Wuxian.

“Hands off” Lan Wangji says, and his voice is no more than a snarl.

“O...or else?” The man speaks through bloody teeth, pressing harder until with a sharp sting Wei Wuxian feels the shard pierce his skin, blood beading up around the area. As soon as Wei Wuxian’s blood is spilt it is game over, and Wei Wuxian knows that, so he lets his eyes go wide, and his voice is a shaky whisper when he says

“Lan Zhan”

And Lan Wangji breaks.

He leaps forward with a roar, faster than could be tracked. He is standing behind them now and his hands are coming up to grab the man’s neck, and with a sickening crunch he twists. There is no care in his movements as he tosses the limp corpse aside, but infinite care when he takes his husband and son into his arms with an almost crushing intensity.

“Lan Zhan” Wei Wuxian cries, winding one arm around his husband’s broad shoulders whilst the other holds A-Yuan tight between them.

“Lan Zhan you’re here!” He arches his neck just to see the way Lan Wangji’s eyes flash in pure unadulterated rage when he sees the line of red tracing the elegant curve of Wei Wuxian’s throat.

“Wei Ying was hurt” Lan Wangji says, one finger coming up to swipe away a bead of blood from where it has begun to trickle down Wei Wuxian’s neck.

“Lan Zhan! I got wounded! Mortally so! You must carry me in your big, strong arms”

He stifles a grin, poking Lan Wangji’s bicep.

Lan Wangji is so unbelievably angry and yet so infinitely gentle as he sweeps both Wei Wuxian and A-Yuan into his arms easily. Wei Wuxian knows the extent of Lan Wangji’s love for him, craves the moments when he can just make the other snap, and lose all control. He craves the moments after, when Lan Wangji will fuck him until Wei Wuxian cannot walk, and then fuck him again until Wei Wuxian can do nothing more than weakly moan his husband name. When Lan Wangji will attack with a feral intensity the delicate skin of Wei Wuxian’s body, sinking his teeth in until Wei Wuxian whimpered and not letting go until he’d formed a bruise that would last for days. He loved getting Lan Wangji worked up, for the explosion of passion that followed was something Wei Wuxian craved with a part of him so deep rooted it felt almost innate.

“Did the talismans work okay?” Wei Wuxian asked into his husband's neck. Lan Wangji with a mouth watering display of strength shifted him and A-Yuan (who was waiting patiently for his A-Die’s attention) to one arm to wipe the blood from Bichen’s blade on the back of one of the fallen men, retrieving the stolen Chenqing.

“Mn. Wei Ying’s inventions worked without issue. As usual”

“Lan Zhannnn” Wei Wuxian groaned playfully, burying his flaming face in his lovers neck. The talismans had been an invention of his own thought process, a way for he and Lan Wangji to track one another and A-Yuan should the situation occur. The result was a charm woven into the fabric of his inner robes, although Wei Wuxian was debating making it a more permanent fixture by painting the characters onto his skin in the event his inner robe got damaged.

A large part of Wei Wuxian would appreciate that claim of sorts, painting his skin as if to mark it as Lan Wangji’s, so that the other could always find him.

“Is Baba hurt?” A tiny voice asked, and Wei Wuxian looked to see A-Yuan’s face peering at him in concern.

“No A-Yuan, Baba isn’t hurt. Baba isn’t hurt and A-Die isn’t hurt either! Your A-Die came and saved the day like the big strong man he is” he teased, leaning closer into Lan Wangji’s chest as his husband balanced himself on his sword and began the flight home, cradling his precious cargo.

“Wei Ying could have stopped those men himself, but he didn’t. Why not?” Lan Wangji’s grip is refreshingly tight, his strong chest a welcome reprieve from the cold of the shack.

“I wanted you, Lan Er gege” Wei Wuxian says, nuzzling his head into the broad expanse of white robes, biting his nose in the rich sandalwood and looking up through his lashes at where Lan Wangji was looking at him, a distinct hunger in his gaze.

“I wanted you to get me” Wei Wuxian says, and Lan Wangji’s eyes follow the movement of tongue as it slides out to wet red lips.

A-Yuan would have to stay with Lan Xichen tonight.

***

Wei Wuxian had barely made it through the door of the jingshi before Lan Wangji was on him, slamming him against the wall with one hand locking both his wrists above his head and the other hand yanking Wei Wuxian’s thigh up to encircle his waist.

“Lan Zhan!” Wei Wuxian gasped before he was kissed so thoroughly he couldn’t do anything but submit to the hot tongue licking into his mouth. He locked his legs tighter around Lan Wangji’s waist, rocking his hips to grind his already hard erection against his husbands.

One of Lan Wangji’s hands squeezed the supple flesh of Wei Wuxian’s thigh even through his robes. The other hand - and a cruel hand it was - came up to pinch at the soft expanse of Wei Wuxian’s derrière, fingers digging in harshly.

“Wei Ying” Lan Wangji rasped against his mouth, insistent, biting Wei Wuxian’s lower lip and tugging it between his teeth.

“Lan Zhan- ah - knew you would come, knew you would come for me. Knew you would kill those men-nghh- they touched me er-gege”

At once Lan Wangji goes deadly still.

“Touched you” he repeats, and the wrath in his voice is unlike anything Wei Wuxian has ever heard before, even in the midst of war.

“Touched me er-gege, they touched me here- “ he brushes his hand over his waist “here,” his hips “here,” he trails his fingertips down from the hollow of his throat, over the expanse of skin bared from where his robes part. Lan Wangji’s gaze tracks the movement, and it is hot and possessive and Lan Wangji is livid. “Their hands were on me, Lan Zhan, they touched me and they felt me and they enjoyed it”

Wei Wuxian’s belt rips as Lan Wangji’s grabs it and tears, his robes following suit.

“Mine.” Lan Wangji growls as his hands grab Wei Wuxian around the waist, long fingers almost completely wrapping it.

“Yours” Wei Wuxian agrees, breathless. Lan Wangji manhandles Wei Wuxian around until he’s facing the wall, hands braced against it. There are imprints from Lan Wangji’s fists on the wood, and Wei Wuxian’s knees go weak from the display of power and strength. Luckily Lan Wangji is there, one hand flipping up the red cloth of Wei Wuxian’s underobe and the other tearing away his trousers until he was bared completely, open and vulnerable.

“Mine” Lan Wangji says again, before he drops to his knees, grabbing Wei Wuxian’s asscheeks with hands that cover the mounds completely. He fondles them, spreading them wide to expose Wei Wuxian’s entrance. The grey eyed man has no warning before a hot mouth is on his hole, wet tongue teasing at the pink furl.

“Lan Zhannn” he keens, voice breaking and shuddery as Lan Wangji licks into Wei Wuxian with a furious intensity. He lays his tongue flat against Wei Wuxian’s rim and lathes broad strokes before fucking the wet appendage in, long jabs and short prods that push open Wei Wuxian’s inner walls and reduce his thought process to nothing more than the sensation of Lan Wangji’s tongue in him, eating him out like a man possessed. The sounds are obscene, and Wei Wuxian’s whimpers grow in intensity every time Lan Wangji’s iron-clad grip on him prevents him fucking himself back on Lan Wangji’s tongue.

“Lan Zhan -hngh- Er-gege, please” he doesn’t know what he wants, but Lan Wangji likes to hear him beg, and when he hums Wei Wuxian shouts at the burst of sensation that vibration brings. Lan Wangji’s tongue flicks against his inner walls, tasting him in the most intimate way and Wei Wuxian thanks the silencing talismans pasted around the Jingshi for the whimpers and moans which tumble from his lips are too erotic for anyone else to hear.

Precum leaks in copious amounts from the top of his cock, but he has no hands free to bring himself to release. He can only hump the air, seeking invisible friction from the pleasure that threatens to consume him. Lan Wangji draws his tongue out of Wei Wuxian’s hole with a wet sound and immediately Wei Wuxian is empty.

“Lan Zhan no why did you stop? Er gege please, more, your Wei Ying needs more” tears cling to his lower lashes when he turns his head to look at Lan Wangji, and he knows how wrecked he must appear. A flush rides high on his cheekbones and his lips are swollen and spit slick from where both he and Lan Wangji have been biting them. Lan Wangji wants to wreck him.

“Mine” Lan Wangji says again, voice hoarse, standing up in one fluid movement to completely cover Wei Wuxian’s back, pinning him to the wall. When Lan Wangji attaches his mouth to the junction of his neck Wei Wuxian tilts his head to give more access, whining as long fingers play down his chest, flicking and pulling his nipples into red peaks.

“Lan Zhan please, fuck me. Fill me up. Fuck me until I can’t walk gege, until everyone knows that I’m yours, who I belong to. I need you gege, I need you in me filling me up with your big, fat cock- NGHH”

Always sensitive to Wei Wuxian’s ramblings in the throes of pleasure, Lan Wangji growls, biting down hard on Wei Wuxian’s neck and at the same moment plunging two fingers into the grey eyed man’s hole. Wei Wuxian’s legs buckle but Lan Wangj grabs one thigh, folding it up and lifting it to both support Wei Wuxian and spread him wide, allowing Lan Wangji to fuck his two fingers into his spit slick rim. His husband’s calloused fingertips scraped over his insides, instantly seeking and finding Wei Wuxian’s prostate, and jabbing at it until Wei Wuxian was squirming with the need to cum.

“More, Lan Zhan, more” he begs, but Lan Wangji doesn’t listen. Instead the fingers which had just been insides Wei Wuxian come up to push at the seam of his lips and he opens his mouth without question, welcoming the long digits in, sucking on them and tasting himself. He chokes a little when Lan Wangji adds a third finger but when his husband tries to pull his hand out Wei Wuxian whines in protest, both hands wrapping around Lan Wangji’s wrist so he could continue sucking on them the way he would his husbands arousal.

“Good boy” Lan Wangji praises and Wei Wuxian whines, pushing his hips back to bump against where his husband’s formidable erection strains through his white robes.

The smell of sandalwood clouds Wei Wuxian’s mind and makes it fuzzy with pleasure. He sucks harder on Lan Wangji’s fingers, chasing after them when they’re withdrawn with a wet pop. His hole clenches around nothing when Lan Wangji sweeps him into his arms as if he were weightless, striding over to the bed and throwing him down on it. Wei Wuxian lands on his back, gut tight with arousal and need. He has enough presence of mind to hook an arm around either knee and pull them back, exposing his flushed pucker where it fluttered teasingly at his husband.

Lan Wangji stared for a moment before divesting himself of his trousers enough that he could pull out his erection, long and thick and an angry red. The rest of his clothing stayed on, and the contrast in their state of dress with Wei Wuxian being completely naked - his robe having fallen off earlier - whilst Lan Wangji was still in the same robes he had killed a man in earlier was incredibly arousing.

It was with brisk movements that Lan Wangji slicked himself up with the pot of oil kept by their bed. His preparation edged on not enough, as they both liked it. Wei Wuxian liked feeling the burn as Lan Wangji pushed into him, the ache that he would feel for days afterwards, a reminder of Lan Wangji’s claim. Hands bigger than his own covered Wei Wuxian’s on his thighs, pushing them back until he felt the slight stretch. And then in one smooth thrust Lan Wangji buried himself to the hilt.

Wei Wuxian arched off the bed with a cry, mouth dropped open in the shape of Lan Wangji’s name. Lan Wangji’s hands came up to grab his hips, angling them up so he could begin pounding into Wei Wuxian, long, plunging thrusts that Wei Wuxian felt in his throat.

“So deep” he choked out. “You’re so deep inside me gege”

Lan Wangji, if anything, got even harder. His length thickened inside Wei Wuxian and his thrusts grew more powerful until everytime the man buried himself inside Wei Wuxian could see the bump on his stomach from where Lan Wangji’s cock nestled deep inside.

“Lan..Zhan - ah! - look! It’s..ah nghh… it’s like I’m p..pregnant”

A growl ripped its way from Lan Wangji’s chest, and then Wei Wuxian’s legs were being slung over broad shoulders and his wrists pinned with a single firm hand.
Lan Wangji’s other hand covered Wei Wuxian’s where it laid on his belly, feeling Lan Wangji shift inside him.

“Will make Wei Ying pregnant, so everyone knows you are mine” Lan Wangji spoke against Wei Wuxian’s lips, seeinh it in his mind's eye.

Wei Wuxian, belly swollen and large with Lan Wangji’s child. Wei Wuxian, carrying the evidence of his and Lan Wangji’s coupling for anyone to see. Wei Wuxian, Lan Wangji’s, undeniably his in every way.

“Will make you pregnant” Lan Wangji promised, hips snapping, fat cockhead colliding directly with Wei Wuxian’s prostate. Wei Wuxian writhed beneath him, skin baring Lan Wangji’s marks, impossibly slender waist carrying the outlines of large hands. Wei Wuxian’s hips fit perfectly in Lan Wangji’s hands, and the golden eyed man gripped the shapely curve now, using it to pull Wei Wuxian back to meet his every thrust, watching the slighter man’s eyes go glassy with pleasure, watching his mouth babble senseless words as Lan Wangji fucked him to insanity.

Wei Wuxian was close when he began clenching down sporadically around Lan Wangji’s length. His inner walls were tight and wet, and clung to Lan Wangji’s cock as he drew out only to snap back in even harder. Everytime Wei Wuxian would cry out, and Lan Wangji drank in the sounds hungrily, knowing that they were just for him, and he was the only one who would ever hear them.

Lan Zhan I’m gonna… I need.. I’m gonna cum - nghh” Wei Wuxian’s mouth dropped open as he came untouched, just on the sensation of Lan Wangji’s cock - thick and long and so, so big, so so deep inside him.

“Wei Ying” Lan Wangji said, as he thrust once, twice more, before biting down hard on Wei Wuxian’s shoulder, hips stuttering as released inside.

Wei Wuxian felt so impossibly full. His stomach felt doubly bloated from both Lan Wangji’s spend and still hard erection, plugging him up, and even as he breathed small little sparks of pleasure would dance through him at the friction of Lan Wangji’s vein-ridged cock against his inner walls.

“L..Lan Zhan” his voice stuttered as strong hips moved at the mention of his name.

“Mm?”

“More”

Lan Wangji flipping him over before sliding into him once more was an answer in itself.

***

Over the coming weeks, rumours would spread of the supposed plot to kidnap the Yiling Laozu and his son. There would be tales of a figure clothed in white, a vengeful deity who protected his family without question. White would be stained red with blood, yet the deity’s reputation would take no tarnishing.

The deity's name?

Lan Wangji.