Ah, summer vacation. Summer v-a-c-a-t-i-o-n. Time for Katsuki Bakugou to sleep in till noon, work out until he bulked up, up his killstreak on Call of Duty and Overwatch, masturbate leisurely in the middle of the night to the porn he found on Tumblr pages with twink boys and bigger guys with fat cocks. Sophomore year of college was…alright, he didn’t blow his GPA or anything so he was still on his sport scholarship but he wouldn’t call it a great year. He struggled in a few classes, injured his ankle and was benched for half the season and earned a few slaps from ex-lovers.

That was why, starting now, his room was the pleasure casa.

Katsuki was thinking about how awesome and bill free and job free, and responsibility free the summer would be on the sofa in loose basketball shorts, a draping tank top, with a can of soda when his mom asked. “Are you working this summer?”

He laughed. “Hell no.”

“So you’re not doing anything then?”

Katsuki watched the TV, a giant white erupted the surface and flipped in the air, a seal in its jaws. Shark Week, otherwise known as Katsuki’s fun times on Animal Planet. “I ain’t doing shit—“

[x]

“Well welcome, happy camper! I’m Eijirou,” said the guide, wearing a red headband to keep his hair out of his eyes, a tie-dye hippie shirt with STAFF written in bold black texts on the chest and back, cargo shorts, and opened toe sandals. He was the guy to smile with his whole face; expressive, bright. “And I’ll be your guide for today. It’s gonna be a fantastic summer. How about a smile?”

No.

Katsuki grabbed the door handle, but it was locked.

He knocked furiously on the window, desperation in his eyes.

His mother finger-waved inside, blew a kiss, while his dad acted as though Katsuki ceased to exist the second he left the car. A chill bass rattled the car like a salt shaker. His mother cracked the driver’s window and the words floated out to the wilderness.

It's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes

I am - gettin so hot, I wanna take my clothes off

The Honda Civic eased down the dirt road with his parents grooving to Nelly.

Nice.

Real fucking cool, mom and dad.

“I’m just joshing ya, man,” Eijirou laughed, clapping Katsuki on the shoulder and jostling him out of his blank glare.  He smelled like weed, body odor, and the earth. “I put that act up for the parents you know, so they feel good about leaving the kids with a bunch of college kids. We’re actually kinda cool.”

Katsuki doubted that.

He shook Katsuki to lighten him up. “C’mon, pal, how about a name?”

Katsuki glared. “You call me pal again and that whistle is going up your ass. It’s Katsuki.”

Eijirou displayed his palms in surrender. “Dude, you’re like…like the coolest guy ever, I actually thought for a second you would kick my ass,” he smiled, again; his teeth were jagged, uneven, and crooked especially the bottom row. “Wow, you’re intense. Well, let’s get you started on the basics. Liam will take your stuff to the cabin. Thanks Liam,” he pointed to the scrawny guy already corralling up Katsuki’s duffel bag.

“If a single thing is missing from my shit, I’ll find you.”

Liam froze.

“Aw, classic Katsuki. He meant nothing by it.”

“No. I meant it. Steal my shit and die.”

Eijirou gave Liam a small wave and pulled Katsuki with him through the camp.

“Alright, man, first thing you gotta watch the language at least around the kids, you know? That kind of talk is fine and dandy with the adults.”

“Did you just use the word ‘dandy’?”

“Alright so over here,” Eijirou began with the tour, ignoring him, and pointed out the many cabins. “The big cheese lives and operates here, Aizawa and Emi You won’t see much of them unless you screw up so don’t screw up. Here,” he walked the steps of a large stone and wood grain cabin, “is where the kids eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We rotate with the groups and counselors so that way everyone chips in and the kids learn how to make a meal.”

He led him further into the camp where a cul de sac sat center of it with four cabins. “This is where the kids sleep obviously. Girls on the right and boys on the left.  Behind those are the cabins for us. One for the girls and one for us guys. We got two bathrooms, one for girls and one for boys. Now, come here, I’ll set you up with a uniform.”

They went into the first camp where a man reclined in a chair with his legs hitched on the desk snored with the small metal desk fan running.  A woman with teal dyed hair styled around a colorful silk scarf, with plain brown khaki shorts, and a blue tee with the Camp Ultra logo embed on the breast pocket lounged on the moth-eaten love seat.

“Oh, hey, Eijirou,” she smiled. “Who’s this?”

“New guy. Katsuki. You guys hired him.”

Her eyes widened. “Oh shit, yea. Aizawa,” She chucked a flyer at his face. “Get your ass up.”

Aizawa jolted. “What, did a kid die?”

“No, idiot. New employee.”

“Oh.” Aizawa melted like toppled soft cone ice cream left on the stairs in the middle of July. He rubbed circled over his eyelids. “Did you show him around?”

Eijirou nodded. “Yup.”

“Good,” Aizawa went back into the same position they found him in, and let his eyes fall shut.  “Grab him a shirt from the back and a radio and keep him with you until he learns the ropes.”

“Thanks, Eijirou,” Emi said.

“No problem,” Eijirou said, and closed the door softly.

“I kinda forgot about the new employee.”

Aizawa snored.

Emi rolled her eyes. “And that’s why I haven’t had any sex in days cause you’re sleeping all the time.”

[x]

Katsuki walked out in his uniform, looking so unhappy with the sun, the laughter of gleeful children, and the chronic buzz of mosquitos.

“Look at you,” Eijirou hollered. “So dashing.”

“I will punch you.”

“There’s one more thing,” he beckoned Katsuki over with a pinkie. Wanting to get through this day as fast as possible, Katsuki leaned in. “You might want one of these,” Eijirou reached inside his pants and wiggled out a crotch cup. “Here.”

“What the fuck, no, that was all over your dick. Hell no.”

“Okay, man, don’t say I didn’t try to help you.” Eijirou shrugged and tucked the cup back, taking a few painfully, quiet seconds to find the most comfortable hold for his dick and balls.

“Why the fuck would I need a cup—“

“Cup check!” A man roared suddenly in his ear, then cocked his fist below Katsuki’s belt.

Katsuki went down.

“Camp Ultra!”

Eijirou complained. “Inasa, you promised to give the newbies a day to prepare.”

“Welcome to my kingdom, boy,” Inasa howled. “Get my musk, boy, because I’m the king here. I’m the alpha commander. You got that?”

Katsuki cupped his dick, and tried not to cry.

Inasa bolted off, most likely in search for another victim who wasn’t wearing a cup.

“I’m,” Katsuki panted laboriously, “I’m going to kill that guy.”

“He’s the head counselor. So, yea, we really can’t do much about it so we all wear cups.” He knocked his knuckles over the plastic under his clothes. “Seriously, man, invest in a cup. Protect your gentlemen.”

[x]

“It’s decent,” Dabi said as he perched on the wooden rails overlooking the part between the trees where the lake laid golden and tranquil. You couldn’t really step into the water here unless you liked walking on pebbles. The soft sand and the old docks with their own canoes was a bit further from the camp, down a trail that took you about two miles out from Camp Ultra. “I ain’t crazy about it either but the babes make it worth the heat.”

“What babes?” Katsuki snorted; his first few days had him running all over the camp and getting on first name bases with a few employees other than his boss and Eijirou and so far the selection of babes were…not healthy.

Ochako was okay, if you liked short, curvy girls with a button nose. She was dating four eyes though, anyway.

Mina had a bubbly personality and the right height and curves to make her dangerous but she was stupidly infatuation with Eijirou, and Katsuki caught her taking a leak in the woods while he was strolling down the man-made trails.

Himiko looked like she gave excellent head, but she also gave off the vibe that she would cut your dick off at the smallest transgression. Attractive but madder than the Hatter.

The other chicks, eh.

The guys, still eh.

“Oh, man, you haven’t seen him then,” Shindo laughed.

He passed the joint to Shindo. It was fine, Mina, Ochako, and four eyes were preparing food for dinner while a bunch of other counselors took the kids who weren’t helping prep the food to the lake to learn how to swim. “Who?”

“Izuku Midoriya,” Shindo said, smoke passed out his nose, sounding like he was in the clouds thinking about Izuku Midoriya. “God.”

“Ten out of ten,” Dabi agreed. “Perfect dick sucking eyes, too. “

“Haven’t seen no mega babe like that.”

Shindo bobbed his head. “Yea, kinda forgot you’re new. He showed up late this summer. Dunno why, think he had some car troubles getting here. Turned in this morning. Ah, he smiled at me and I felt like God was blessing me.”

Dabi added, “Waved at me. His ass is still perky as fuck, man.”

“I know, dude. Like damn. The things I would do to him if he let me.”

“You guys are building it up,” he said.

“Watch,” Shindo challenged. “He went with the others to the lake. They should be coming back in a few.”

“Which means,” Dabi plucked the rolled joint and snuffed out the amber end. “We’ll have to kill this later.”

With excellent timing, the kids, with drenched bathing suits and goosebumps peddling on their skin, sprinted from the trail to the camp. Eijirou and Denki followed behind the first dashers, talking and laughing, it turned into yelling when Jason chased Skylar with a booger on his finger.

“Eat your own gold, kid,” Eijirou ordered.

Himiko ruffled Eijirou’s hair. “That’s crappy advice. Oh! Hey Dabi.”

“Hey,” said Dabi with a small head nod.

Himiko folded her long arms over the rail, stretching her torso and pushing her small butt out as much as possible. Her soggy Camp Ultra issued t-shirt highlighted every dip and curve in her body. Sunlight haloed her gold hair. “I fell in the lake,” she said with a perfect frown for her full lips.

Dabi nodded, blue eyes giving her knockout body an indifferent pass over. “Cool.”

“Yea,” Himiko lowered her lashes sultrily, twisted a wet strand around her finger, and crafted a pout Katsuki had seen on every professional porn star. “Now I’m all wet—“

“Izuku,” Dustin called, walking backwards as he waved his arms erratically, “You gotta get Aizawa to play us that movie. It sounds so cool.”

A voice answered him, hidden behind the wide bark of a towering maple tree. “Well, it’s kinda mature for you guys but I’ll ask him, okay?”

Dustin punched the air. “Thanks, Izuku.”

“Maybe you can help me out of these clothes—what the fuck.” Dabi placed his hands on Himiko’s hips and moved her to the side so she wasn’t obstructing the view of the trail. “Dabi!” She screeched, outraged at the flat-out denial of her advances.

He and Shindo hushed her, and watched.

Watched as—

Izuku Midoriya emerged from the trail like a lost woodland god; hair perfectly—no exquisitely finger fucked by the air to look like I just rolled out of bed; freckles—fuck—dotted the bridge of his soft nose, the sweet curve of his cheekbones, the chiseling line of his jaw, the space between his eyebrow and his eyelid; lips soft and a kissable red; eyes exactly what you found in a storybook, unreal, magical, bewitching, when the sun fell over them you fell into Izuku like snatching vines; body slim and regular until you checked out his biceps and legs and saw the indentation of healthy muscles; voice of an angel.

All three of their head tracked Izuku’s trek like dogs shown a tasty bone.

Himiko fumed.

For whatever reason, maybe divine fate, Izuku turned and looked over his shoulder and waved to them.

Katsuki’s heart full on stopped right then, and his fingers forgot their duty on the rails, and his body neglected its job to keep Katsuki balanced.

Izuku’s summer sweet smile fell into concern as Katsuki went airborne and cracked his skull on the porch.

[x]

“Someone call 9-1-1,” Eijirou shouted.

“Maybe its karma, for staring,” Himiko rationalized.

Denki made a cat noise. “This kitty has claws—ow! Why do girls always have to punch you when you make a joke? So uncool.”

Mina asked. “If he dies, will they sue the camp?”

“Camp Crystal Lake is still open and lots of people die there,” said Inasa.

Tomura rolled his eyes. “That’s a fictional camp, idiot.”

“Have you had your cup checked today, Tomura?”

“Don’t you dare.”

Camie joked. “When the booty hits you like.”

Shindo dissolved into laughter.

“Noob,” Dabi said, bending over to snap his fingers in front of Katsuki’s face. “C’mon, Katsuki, thought you said you were a tough guy.”

Izuku sighed. “Guys, c’mon, he might really be hurt. Let’s be serious—wait, I think he’s waking up. Katsuki?”

Katsuki squinted at the floating heads with features shadowed out by the overlooking sun. Alien abductions started with similar circumstance.  “God, please fucking tell me, you’re not aliens.”

“He lives!”

Izuku tucked a curl over his ear, “We’re not aliens. You’re safe, Katsuki.”

His eyes drifted close. “Cool.”

Izuku brought his face near his, storybook eyes running over Katsuki’s face for signs warranting professional intervention, and Katsuki could not breathe. He held his breath when Izuku’s calloused fingers massaged tenderly over his scalp to where Katsuki met the floor and Katsuki hissed at the prodding. “I think some ice should do you fine, sir.”

“Are you—are some kind of nurse or some shit?”

“Studying, actually. Mind standing up for me so we can take can of that?”

[x]

“Take two,” Izuku handed him a bottle of Advil from the first aid cabinet.

Katsuki dry swallowed the two pills and recapped the bottle.

Izuku took a thick cloth, fanned out the fabric and piled ice cubes in the center, and tied the edges. “Here,” he said, placing it on to of the bump. Izuku guided one of his hands to take over the job. “It’ll be tender for a few days but other than that, you should be okay.”

“Yea, uh, thanks, I guess.”

“You weren’t here last year, right? I think I would remember you.”

“No. First time.”

“Well, welcome, camper,” he smiled. “To Camp Ultra. I’m Izuku Midoriya and this is my fourth year here. I’m a senior counselor so anything you need, you can come straight to me.”

“Uh,” shit; Katsuki made an ass of himself so he had to make a good introduction. “Katsuki Bakugou. First year here. Uh, my mom forced me to go since I wasn’t doing shit for the summer…”Okay none of that painted Katsuki as a cool guy Izuku should try to date. “I play football in college.”

“So I guess getting banged around isn’t too unusual for you?”

“Nah, but I’m hard to catch.”

Izuku licked his lip. “Well, guess I should start running.”

“What?”

“Running—running back to the kids! Because I’m a counselor and that’s my job. Wow, I should be going, You’re like good, right, good, uh, nice to meet you, uh, bye.”

[x]

“Cup check!” Inasa’s fist bounced off Katsuki’s cup. “You’re learning,” he hummed, approving that Katsuki followed basic survival instincts and protected Katsuki Jr from all harm.

Katsuki gave the guy a dirty look; the memory of the first cup check was plenty vivid in his brain even after a week. “Stop going for my dick, asshole.”

Inasa moved on, big body hunched down and low like a lion in the golden field of the safari, prowling the camp for weak and easy prey.  “Cup check.”

Next was an inhuman whimper; Hanta crumpled to the ground in pain, hands cradled delicately over his crotch. “Dude,” he whined.

Denki walked over his twitching body. “And so came the end of Hanta’s bloodline.”

“Fuck…you, man.”

Denki patted his cup with a grin. “I’ll carry on your memory, dude. My first son will be called Hanta.”

“Howdy, happy campers,” Eijirou waved to the cluster of ten-year-olds. “Ready for a big adventure into the wild?”

Katsuki rolled his eyes, arm crossed, as Eijirou made a giant ass of himself for the kids. “We’re looking at fucking plants, how the fuck is that an adventure?” He commented under his breath.

He got an elbow to the gut for it. “Me and Katsuki are gonna be your Plant Masters!  And there’s a prize for today’s challenge, whoever can find and identify all the plants on that sheet gets this.” He stepped to the side and Mina bounced in place, a king size packet of Reese Cups in her hands.

Mina posed like a showgirl with the chocolate. “Winner will get this ultra-delicious candy!”

Eijirou clapped his hands on the side of his head, mouth hanging open dramatically. “Whoa, talk about an ultra-cool prize, right Katsuki?”

The nudging at his side forced Katsuki to agree lifelessly. “Yea…ultra-cool. Whoo.”

“Are you campers ready?”

“Yea,” screamed fifteen ten-year-olds at the top of their lungs.

“One more time,” Eijirou encouraged.

“Yeah!”

[x]

“This is a plant, right, Katsuki?” Jared asked, fingers clutched around something that was green but most certainly not a plant. Its arm twitched.

“What the fuck—“

Eijirou talked over his curse. “Wow, buddy, Looks like you’re ultra-cool today that’s a Praying Mantis. How about you let the little guy go exploring too?”

Jared grinned. “Okay.”

“You gotta play along with them,” Eijirou suggested, walking down the trail with Katsuki to look over the kids’ progress.

“Look, I don’t do the kid thing, alright?”

“No, I get that but a lot of the kids think you’re super cool. Jared usually stays pretty quiet when we do these challenges. So you should give them something when they go to you.”

Katsuki scowled. “I’m not gonna start smiling ‘happy camper’ at everyone so don’t try.”

He laughed. “Nah, nah. See, that’s why the kids think you’re a badass. You got a cool guy vibe man. They think you’re like the Terminator. And, word around the campfire, they’re not the only ones who think you’re pretty neat.”

Katsuki scratched his nose. “What the fuck you talking about?”

“Oh, nothing,” he whistled, being coy. “Nothing important. Just someone finds you kinda spicy and delicious.”

“Who, hey, asshole, who.”

“I’ll give you a hint. He’s the kids’ favorite counselor.”

On cue, Izuku appeared on the trail, carrying a softly sobbing girl in his arms with a scrapped knee. Blood oozed steadily out the razor-thin cuts and down the red raw skin of her knee.

“Oh, Allison,” Eijirou cooed, soothing back her long brown hair. “You okay, sweetie?”

“She tripped and cut up her knee pretty bad,” Izuku said. “Could one of you take her to Emi? I would go but I’m with Minoru today so…”

“I’ll do it,” Katsuki volunteered.

“Really?”

“Yea.

Izuku was going to give him cavities if he didn’t quit with those cotton candy sweet, pink I poop rainbow smiles. “Thank you, Katsuki,” then to the little girl, “Allison, Katsuki is gonna take you to Emi so she can clean it up and make it all better.”

“I wanna go with you,” Allison sobbed, staining Izuku’s uniform with tears, spit, and snot.

Izuku pressed his lips to the crown of her head. “Actually, Katsuki is much better escort. You see, he’s like a tough guy from that movie you like, remember?”

Allison hiccupped. “You mean Jacob from Twilight?”

“Yea. Jacob protected Bella, right? Well Katsuki’s gonna do the same.”

Katsuki said. “Yea, uh, I’m a werewolf.”

Eijirou turned away to chuckle.

Katsuki punched him in the back when Izuku and Allison weren’t looking.

“Okay,” she nodded. “I’ll go with you.”

He held his arms out and supported Allison’s back and knees as she curled her thin arms around his neck.

Izuku pushed back her hair. “You be good for Katsuki, okay?”

“Okay.”

“Thanks, again, Katsuki.”

“Yea.”

Izuku started to walk away. “I gotta make sure Minoru hasn’t killed the kids. See you.”

Katsuki looked down at the girl. “Ready?”

“Can you pretend we’re running away from vampires, Katsuki?”

Katsuki smirked. “Sure. Look there’s a vampire right there,” he jutted his head at Eijirou, who just recovered from the punch, and kicked him in the back of his knees. Eijirou went down with a squawk. “Got him.”

Allison laughed. “We have to run, Katsuki, or they’ll get us. Vampires are quick.”

“Yea, but werewolves are faster.”

[x]

Emi handed Allison a lollipop and set her on the ground. “There you go, sweetie. Go help Ochako in the play room until your knee gets better.”

Allison sucked on her lollipop, talking with it between her teeth. “Yes, ma’am.” Then waved her hand haphazardously to Katsuki. “Bye, Katsuki. Thank you for protecting me from the vampires.”

Alright, he wasn’t made of stone and Allison was too cute for words, so he returned the wave. “Later, kiddo.”

Emi smiled at the interaction as she put away the box of Shrek theme Band-Aids. “Not too bad, Katsuki.”

He put his hands in his pockets. “She’s cool.”

“Uh-huh. I think you might actually like working with kids.”

[x]

After that, it became such a frequent request from the girls to play ‘vampires and werewolves’ that the crew developed a whole game around it for the kids. One team would play the vampires and the other the wolves, while one individual played the helpless human. They switched who were the bad guys every time so everyone had the opportunity to be good and evil. Each team had two counselors to supervise and formulate family friendly tactics. Tied to the waist of every player was two flags and if taken, the player was ‘dead’ and had to stay on the ground until the match was over

“They got him,” Katsuki realized, from his quick scope around the vampire camp. He pressed his back to the boulder and considered his pack of werewolves.

“And Minoru and Eijirou got the kids walking the perimeter,” Izuku reported, back from his reconnaissance. “It’s not looking good for us.”

The kids huddled close, faces draw in seriously. “We can’t let the vampires win, pack masters!”

Allison said, “There’s gotta be some way to save Peter.”

“There’s one way but it’s fu—freaking risky. Ain’t all of us gonna make it,” Katsuki said. “Gonna be a one way trip for us.”

Izuku touched his knee, complete trust and faith placed confidently on to Katsuki. “Let’s hear it, pack master.”

[x]

“Well, I sure hope no werewolves show up to attack our camp,” declared Eijirou broadly with a smile.

Minoru laughed like an underpaid Disney villain. “Ha, werewolves more like…crap, more like boo wolves, right? Am I right?”

He winced. “You killed it, dude.”

“You shut up. This is a crap spot for a camp anyway, we should be in the cave.”

Eijirou fixed his headband. “I told you why we can’t—“

“Charge!” Katsuki burst from the bushes with an army of ten-year-olds on his heels.

“We’re under attack,” Eijirou called to his nest of vampires. “All vampires move to the east sector! Don’t like them get to Peter.”

Minoru pumped his water gun, “It’s only Katsuki, where’s Izuku—“

“Werewolves to the rescue,” said Izuku from the rear where the vampires kept Peter captive.

Eijirou smiled ruefully. “Clever.”

Katsuki tackled him down and yanked off his flags, standing back up victoriously. “Don’t freaking mess with wolves.”

Allison undid Peter’s bond and said, “I saved you! Now for my kiss, Peter.”

Izuku fumbled, “Allison, Allison, you have to ask permission to kiss people first.”

[x]

“And then they fell into each other’s arms, tied to each other even in death,” Tomura concluded his grotesque romance story around the campfire. The counselors shared a look of disgust and horror.

Mina rubbed her eye, battling off the edge of sleep with Eijirou’s oversized hoody swallowing her small shoulders. She nuzzled her head affectionately into Eijirou’s chest. His thick arm brought her close. Fucking lovebirds. “Isn’t that the plot of Corpse Bride?”

“No,” he snapped. “It’s completely different.”

“Sounds the same to me,” agreed Eijirou, playing with Mina’s elastic curls. “You just didn’t mention the dog, which is fucked up because dogs are awesome. Do you hate dogs?”

“It’s a story about poetry and love,” preached Tomura, small eyes narrowed in distaste. “I wouldn’t expect you idiots to appreciate its beauty.”

“Damn dude, I love ‘Nightmare before Christmas’ just as much as you. Chill.”

“No dogs, no love,” Mina said.

Inasa rotated his impaled marshmallow over the crackling bonfire. “That wasn’t a scary story. That was gross, dude, who wants to fuck a corpse? Ew.”

Tomura crossed his arms. “It’s about everlasting love, you meathead!”

“Boo,” Inasa put his thumb down. “Fucking lame.”

Minoru moped. “I just want to fuck anything at this point.”

Denki snickered. “Oh you poor child. I remember those dark days, masturbating alone to Playboy and Pornhub. It’s great having a girlfriend, they suck your dick and play Call of Duty afterward.”

Tenya ordered, sternly, “We’re not trading sex stories. The children could hear us and then what, hm, do you want to explain the birds and the bees?”

Hanta counter, “Dude, do you know about the birds and bees? Cause I dunno man, you and Ochako…A girl like that…You gotta satisfy her before someone snatches her up, especially with those curves.”

“Excuse me but do not look at my perfect girlfriend like that.”

“Wow, so you’re still on first base, then?” asked Shindo with bits of Graham crackers, melted Heresy bars, and roasted gummy marshmallow stuck to his gums. “Tough, dude.”

Tenya blushed. “We’re waiting for marriage!”

The group hissed in sympathy.

Minoru twiddled his thumbs. “Are you waiting or is she—“

“If you even blink sexually at Ochako, I will not hesitate to throw you in the lake,” threatened Tenya. “That is my future wife right there.”

“Okay, so no. That’s a hard no.”

“You guys wanna hear about how I accidentally got invited to an orgy?” asked Camie, from where she chilled with her tanned legs crossed on the blanket.

Izuku quirked his brow, half intrigued and half mortified. “How did you accidentally go to an orgy?”

“By accident.”

Inasa blew out the flaming marshmallow. “I need to hear this story. Does it involve boobs?”

“Duh, dude,” Camie drawled. “I’m about that puss.”

“Hell yea. Boobies, boobies, boobies!”

Katsuki stared at the top of his boots, scuffed from climbing a tree on a dare made by fucking ten year old, patterned with mud splatter when they canvased a small pool and dipped their hands under the clear water to examine the different rocks, the laces frayed and dirty from the numerous trails he hiked with the kids because they liked how Katsuki made up dangerous scenarios along the way and had them all thinking they were heroes on a mission. The fire warmed his toes. Shadows distorted over everyone’s faces like a fun house.

Camp Ultra was kind of decent.

The kids kind of fun.

The crew sort of cool.

Izuku was…

“Here,” Izuku offered Katsuki his own S’more sandwich.

“What? I didn’t—“

“I know. I just thought you might like—unless, you can eat chocolate, right? Oh crap, I didn’t ask if you had any dietary restrictions. Shit. I’m so—“

“God, you’re annoying,” said Katsuki as he crunched into the sandwich, crumbs dusted the folds in his jeans and the corners of his lips.

Izuku’s eyes darkened, enticed by the chocolate smear.

“Thanks,” he added, belatedly, not wanting to come across as ungrateful.

“No,” Izuku stuttered as Katsuki sucked thickly on his sticky fingers. “No problem.” He looked away and pulled the hem of his shirt over his crotch.

[x]

“Katsuki, are you pooping?” Izuku asked, as he navigated from the trail to where Katsuki’s spiky blonde hair peeked out like a cornstalk among the green background..

Katsuki said, crouched behind a tall lividly green bush. “…Yes! I had to take a shit bad, alright?”

“Please tell me you didn’t wipe with any of the plants here.”

Katsuki balled up the used leaf, and pulled up his shorts. “Yea, why?”

[x]

“Son of a bitch,” Katsuki hissed.

Emi dabbed delicately with a wet cotton ball on to the rash pimpled on both his butt cheeks left over by the poison ivy.  She trashed the used ball, then grabbed the bowl with a white paste made of baking soda and water. “Well, if it helps this happens at least once every summer,” she said, applying the cooling paste.

“No,” he wheezed. “It doesn’t.”

Eijirou chewed down on his fist as a few tears squeezed from his eyes. “Someone isn’t a happy camper.”

God, he was so lucky his ass itched like a mother or he would hop off this table and throttle that asshole. “I will rub my ass cheeks all over your fucking face.”

Izuku blushed so violently, Katsuki wondered if he was going to pass out.

“You wanna help me, Izuku?” Emi smirked as she offered up the bowl and a clear path to what was Katsuki’s perky, toned ass red with bumps. Skin rash or not, his rear swelled into a exquisite curve from the small of his back to the start of his thighs.

Izuku fanned his heated face as he ripped his eyes away for the third time since coming face to face with Katsuki’s ass. “No, no, no, no.”

[x]

“Alright, campers, these are some poisonous plants you may find on the forest preserve,” Izuku lectured, walking around the seated kids with a blown out picture of said hazardous plant life.

Katsuki plucked blades of grass between his fingers, recovered but rightfully sore about the whole incident and the days of an itching rear and the name calling.

“If you’re never sure, ask one of us first. Or you might end up with an…” The campers looked over their shoulders and started giggling at Katsuki.

“What are you nerds looking at, huh?”

“Itchy butt,” shouted Jared.

Allison laughed, birthing a chant, “Itchy butt.”

“Right, and do any of you want an itchy butt?” Izuku asked, regaining all eyes on him.

A chorus of ‘no’s answered him.

Katsuki rested his chin in his hand. The sheet floated in front of his nose. “Wouldn’t want a repeat,” Izuku giggled.

“You think you’re real cute, huh, dipshit?” His eyes narrowed, confronted with that poster boy Camp Ultra smile of summer. Skin whispered against skin as he snatched the paper. Izuku’s top teeth dented his lip and Katsuki had to remind himself to be furious because Izuku basically called him out in front of a mass of ten-year-olds who didn’t have the mental capability to wipe their own asses properly but had a mind like a high-powered hard drive when it came to nicknames and stories of embarrassment. “Don’t think this won’t come back to haunt you. Your ass is grass.”

“As long as it’s not poison ivy, I should be okay.”

Allison and Peter giggled, mouths shadowed with the print out paper.

“Allison, don’t make me give you an itchy butt,” he warned the little girl.

“Okay, okay,” Izuku laughed with the kids. “Itchy butt is still recovering, let’s leave him alone.”

[x]

Full moon was out tonight so you could see the water ripple with silver, the black sand, the old sun bleached docks, and the endless peaks of trees edged on all sides of the lake. You could also see Himiko’s naked boob, Dabi’s bared chest, Eijirou’s solid thighs but Katsuki glanced over then started on his clothes. It was past eleven; the kids were all tuckered out from a sugar rush, a day full of physical activities, and a movie binge. Emi and Aizawa were lenient when it came to afterhours shenanigans if people were safe, consensual, and legal about it.

Skinny dipping was cool, the twenty-four pack Dabi and Shindo smuggled in against camp’s regulations wasn’t.

Mina belted out a squeal when Eijrou’s arm came around her waist and shuffled her to the ledge of the docks. “Eijirou, Eijirou, ah.”

“Hey, no cup checks, Inasa,” Shindo said, eyes wary of the naked man marching on the sand.

“Wouldn’t dream of it—cup check.”

Hanta’s knee hit the dirt. “Motherfuc—why, man, why?”

Inasa stomped heavily as he raced down the dock and leapt into the lake.

“Boys,” Himiko purred, sauntering by Katsuki and Dabi, her hips and butt jiggled in a hypnotic dance. “Don’t mind me.”

“God, just fuck her already,” Katsuki groaned, yanking his shirt over his head. “All summer we gotta deal with her sex eyes and your ‘I act like my cock doesn’t get rock hard’ eyes. Fucking annoying.”

“Yea?” Dabi’s belt clicked, draped open over his unzipped fly and peeking purple boxers.  His jeans pooled easy and fast with a soft tug down his thin legs. “I’ll fuck her once you do the same.”

“What?”

“Right,” he smirked, moonlight lit the blue of his eyes as he glanced down the shore. “Like you ain’t gone on Izuku. I got eyes in my head. They work fine.”

“Yea, well, fuck your face.”

“Classic Katsuki,” chuckled Dabi; he toed out of his pants. “If you wanna being a man and get the guy, now’s your chance. Look who’s coming.”

“Hey, guys,” Izuku whispered in the dark, heralded by the bobbing orb of his flashlight as he emerged from the pitch black darkness between the trees.

Oh god.

Oh he was soooo fucked.

So fucked.

“Shit, I think my dick just receded into my body,” Denki hollered, head floating in the black water.

Shindo levitated on the surface, arms crossed behind his head as he star gazed. “What dick?”

“Five inches is the average size, okay?”

“But it’s not a 5.6 inch dick.”

“Like it makes a difference.”

The zipper of Izuku’s Camp Ultra hoody caused Katsuki to clench up like a buck in front of a roaring pair of whitewashed headlights. For whatever reason unfathomable to Katsuki, Izuku turned him terribly young and wholly inexperienced in the worst ways. Katsuki knew his way around people if he could stand them for more than ten minutes; girls throbbed wetly on his fingers, tongue, and cock. Guys clenched on him hard like a vacuum, refusing to let his heavy, spent cock leave. He’d seen enough tits and ass to keep his fantasies creative and exciting.

But Izuku, man, fucking dickhead, sunshine smelling Izuku Midoriya had Katsuki like a thirteen-year-old with pimples on his forehead and chin, randomized boners, and Flaming Hot Cheetos on his gums.

“Whoo, it’s chilly,” Izuku shivered, the nippy bite of nightfall peddled his freckled skin with every hair on his body standing at attention.

In the corner of his vision, the rainbow tie-dyed hoody folded ominously.

Izuku rubbed his arms. “Are you okay?”

“Fine,” he yelled. “So fucking great. So damn great.”

“You don’t gotta feel shy about your body,” Izuku comforted.

“I’m not fucking—“ Katsuki whipped his head, a colorful insult dying swiftly on his tongue because Izuku was… “…Fuck.”

“What?” Izuku asked, hair ruffled artfully as he yanked the shirt over his head. Freckles conjugated like a hive of bees over his chest. The manageable chill of darkness made his nipple hardened. A thick thatch of pubic hair marked the defined muscles leading to his cock.

“What?” He repeated, with a heated tone.

“You were saying something.”

“No, I wasn’t.”

“…But—but you just—“

“Shut up, Izuku.”

He sighed. “Whatever you say, itchy butt.” His shorts dropped next, and a pair of tight grey Calvin Klein found the nice shape of Izuku’s cock and balls.

Katsuki snarled at his unresponsive fingers frozen on the button of his jeans. “Stupid fucking—“

“I’ll help,” Izuku breathed, fingers taking over where Katsuki’s crooked dumbly. Their chest nearly bump and if Izuku dared to look into his eyes, then he would be breathing over his face, that was the distance between them, the distance between his soft lips that probably held the residue taste of buttery popcorn and caffeinated Pepsi.

Katsuki didn’t move, didn’t inhale, didn’t dare to be anything more than a helpless, horny observer.

Izuku’s fingers ‘accidentally’ whispered across his flat navel.

“Sorry,” he said, darkly. “Butterfingers.” The top button popped free. “Better?”

“My zipper,” he lied.

“Guess I should help with that too, we’re friends after all.”

Katsuki swallowed thickly. “Yea.”

Izuku pinched the cold metal tongue and eased it over the thickening swell of Katsuki’s cock. “Got it.”

He stared between their bodies where Izuku’s hand waited so close to touching him, so close to where they cut the bullshit. “Yea.”

Izuku’s smile wasn’t sweet, wasn’t cute, wasn’t composed of cotton candy and Monarch butterflies. Was—adult, hotter than orange-red embers trailing on the splintered wood used for the bonfire, thick like honey, black like tar.  He didn’t know Izuku could smile like that.

Fingers tapped the hard bone of his hip, playing bolts of electricity on his skin like that wasn’t a major health hazard.

“See you in the water,” Izuku said,  then walked off, thumbs under the elastic band of his underwear and rolling the soft cotton over his  hips and ass.  It jiggled on the way to the water. Silver outlined Izuku head to toe. “C’mon, itchy butt.”

Izuku dove into the lake like a swan. The white on the black water complimented his round eyes and summer tanned skin. His eyes took stock of Katsuki trudging buck naked to the docks.

“You’re dead as shit, Izuku,” he growled, glaring down on him.

“Oh, I’m so scared, Katsuki. I’m shaking in my undies.”

“Oh my god, please fuck each other already,” bemoaned Hanta.

[x]

“Hey,” Katsuki called, stepping over an arched root. “Found this.”

Izuku looked up from his clipboard, furrowing his brows at the purple flower. “Is this for the scavenger hunt? You know the kids have to find—“

“No.”

He glanced at the flower again. “Oh.”

He narrowed his eyes on something beyond Izuku. “Yea.”

He grabbed the delicate flower around the stem. “Thank you.”

“Yea,” he coughed into his hand.  “Uh, yea, bye, uh, dipshit.”

Izuku shrunk into a ball, too happy for words and on the verge of tears. “Oh my god.”

[x]

“I loved the flower,” Izuku panted, before he nailed Katsuki’s back to the tree.

Now, normally, no one got the jump on Katsuki and no one put him on the defensive position either. You didn’t move Katsuki without a fight, which siphoned out of him when Izuku’s hands cupped his face.

Bark poked uncomfortably into his spine but Izuku’s lips and the heady after smell of fire and smoke distracted him from it. “Yea?”

“Yea.” Izuku moaned, touching Katsuki wildly on his neck, arms, and chest. The touch never lingered too long on one spot and soon there wasn’t any of him that hadn’t been caressed and teased by Izuku. Well, except his cock but that was on the account of the cup he wore every day. “I like flowers. I like you.”

“Oh shit.”

Izuku mouthed savagely up the thick cord of his neck. “Do you like me?” The question passed in a moist, drunk breath over his ear.

He tipped his head back as Izuku started tugging impatiently on the collar of his uniform to get at his collarbones. “Oh, fuck yea.”

“Okay,” he moaned, pressing every inch of himself against Katsuki like a cat in heat. A distinct hot hardness rutted on the inside of his thigh, Katsuki dropped his hand on his ass and encouraged the dry hump. Hot little breaths consumed every lucid thought in his mind.  “Good, because I don’t wanna stop.”

“Don’t. Fuck, Izuku, don’t stop.”

“I wanna do bad things to you, Katsuki. Wanna be awful right now. You make me such a bad counselor. I can’t think around you. I can’t sleep without you in my head. Can’t stop touching myself.”

“Fuck, me too, me too.”

“Can I—can I play with your dick? Is that too fast?”

“You’re literally dry humping me, dude.”

“Sorry,” he purred; it was probably one of the few times Izuku ever lied to his face. “Just crazy for you.”

“Yea,” Katsuki put Izuku’s hand over his dick. “Same. Touch it.”

“The cup,” Izuku giggled.

“Fucking Inasa,” he grumbled, reaching inside his underwear to wrangle out the plastic. Izuku’s hand dipped with him, palming his swollen length. “Oh—oh, fuck.”

“Yes,” Izuku praised.  “God, wanted to touch you like this all summer.”

“Izuku,” he groaned.

Teeth nibbled the lobe of his ear. “You’re so thick, my god,” he whispered. “You’re gonna be so big inside me, Katsuki.”

“Jesus fucking—ah, lemme, shit, lemme take the cup out first.”

“Take your pants off,” Izuku growled, after Katsuki pulled out the cup and dumped it on the dirt  “All the way. Want you naked.”

Katsuki could hardly feel the bite of night when his jeans and boxer briefs  stretched around the girth of his thighs.

“Katsuki,” Izuku rasped, eyes looking down where his cock curved and twitched. “I like you, Katsuki.”

[x]

“Morning, Katsuki,” greeted Izuku, lounged over his chest and legs in the bottom bunk bed.

He sighed in relief. “Oh fucking thank god last night wasn’t a wet dream.”

“It was real, Katsuki.”

“Good,” he tapped his finger under Izuku’s chin and brought his face close. “Because last night was just the preview.”

“Oh, I love sequels”

Eijirou’s head hung upside from the top bunk. “Well, well, we got ourselves quite the pair of happy campers here. Very happy.”

“Get the fuck outta here, Eijirou!”

[x]

“But the kids,” Izuku whined, which was funny because his legs hooked desperately around his hips the second Katsuki hefted him up.

“You’re hanging on,” he rasped, clothes already pooled over his boots.

“You make it hard to let go.”

He loved this—the base feeling in his gut when they fucked around; the heavy heat when legs opened, mouths moaned, fingers chased, sweat beaded, breaths flammable. A god damn thrill it was to take Izuku’s pretty face in his hands, rush him into the cabin to the backroom of the supply closet, to take off his pants and briefs and have him standing half naked, hard, and whining with his fingers pumping in him. What a fucking trip, man, to kiss Izuku and smirk as he tried to keep tame because it was still daylight and they’re technically on the clock and they should be outside in case anything happened. One hell of a ride, because no one wore lust better than Izuku and he liked how dark his eyes turned as he hastily undid Katsuki’s fly and bunched his clothes past his ass and thighs, that trained grip stroking his cock slick and hot.

Katsuki dragged his swollen lips over the line of his jaw, rocking their cocks together. It offered little friction with both their hands too occupied with each other, but the small touches of contact, the sublime motion of rocking and rolling between Izuku’s legs made up plenty for it.

“Denki’s covering us,” he said. “’sides, you want your prize, right, for capture the flag?”

Izuku’s words were wet. “Thought it was pizza.”

“For the kids. You get somethin’ extra.”

“I hope this prize isn’t for everyone.”

Katsuki’s hand tightened; damn Izuku was gonna be all purple and blue with his handprints. “Nah. It’s a Midoriya Special.”

“I’m special?” he giggled.

“Yea, a special moron.”

“I like when you try to act all grumpy. It’s so cute, Kacchan.”

He snorted. “Act?”

“I want my prize, now, Kacchan. Fuck me,” Izuku nuzzled his face into his neck, and his fingers knotted brutally in Katsuki’s hair. “Gimme my prize.”

Katsuki balanced him against the wall with one hand baring his weight, and lined his wet cock to Izuku’s teased hole. There was a small resistance as he pressed in at first before his cock slid in smoothly.

“Yes,” Izuku gasped. “Yes, Kacchan.”

He grabbed the back of his thighs and started to fuck him.  “Fuck, fuck, Izuku.”

[x]

“Hey, dumbass,” Katsuki barked.

Izuku chewed on his S’more sandwich and hummed.

He rolled his eyes and dragged his thumb over the chocolate smeared on the corner of his lips and licked it clean. “You’re gonna taste like fucking sundae again,” he groused, but still leaned in to brush their lips together. “It’s gross.”

“I think you’re a bit of a fat liar, Kacchan,” he laughed.

“This is the worst summer ever,” said Minoru, the one person the circle of friends without a special someone. “Everyone’s getting their dick sucked.”

Tomura didn’t count as he thought himself above such petty summer hot romances and preferred the company of fictional heartthrobs over the airheaded jocks at his local college. Himiko and Dabi twined their fingers covertly behind their backs.

Camie burped, crushing the beer can in her hand. “I mean, I would but I would have to find it.”

“Burn!”

“Surprise cup check!”

“Fuck off, Inasa.”

[x]

They’re taking the kids out on the water today, him and Izuku, the canoe had a enough room for two counselors on each end of it and for four kids. Eijirou and Mina made a massive affair getting their kids in the canoe with a chant and a shout of ‘ready for adventures on the great blue sea, Ultra-cool campers’. He still rolled his eyes at Eijirou but you had to give it to the guy for his energy and his drive; he wanted every little activity to be an amazing ride for each kid.

Katsuki dipped the paddle in the water, moving the canoe from the docks.

Izuku started on about safety procedures, how to properly row, what to do in a situation if water leaked into the canoe.

Water and the chirps of songbirds could entertain kids for so long.

“How about a race?” Eijirou asked, face split into a smirk.

“Why, wanna get slaughtered?”

“I think you have that backwards.”

Katsuki’s eye twitched. “Izuku.”

“Oh no,” Izuku groaned, recognizing the competitive gleam in his eyes.

“Whaddya say?” Mina taunted. “Unless you guys are a bunch of chickens.”

“We’re not chickens, are we?” Katsuki called to the lineup of kids at his back.

The kids pumped their fists to the air. “No, sir!”

“What are you?”

“Warriors!”

“What do warriors do?”

“Win!”

Katsuki leaned over the edge of the canoe. “Bring it on, losers. “

“Losers, losers, loser!”

“You guys are in for an Ultra-defeat,” laughed Eijirou. “Because my kids are winners as well.”

They won, bragging right but in Katsuki’s book those were just as good as a tangible thing, and it made for fun because Izuku tried to act exasperated with him and his competitive nature but the smile peeked through no matter how hard he chewed it back.

Katsuki flicked droplets at his face then roped him in, keeping him pinned under his armpit as he messed with his curls and kissed his skull.

Izuku whined about the smell of his body odor.

Katsuki walked with Eijirou, Mina, and the kids up the trail as Izuku halfheartedly wrestle in his grip. The sun leveled on the horizon, and everything it landed on was blanketed in a soft golden glow. The water in their clothes dried quick on the short hike.

“You smell like old gym socks,” Izuku said into his armpit.

“Yea? Now, you smell like gym socks.”

[x]

“Summer’s ending,” Izuku commented, voice aimed to be nonchalant about the topic and were it not for the apparent shakiness in his tone, the obvious way he avoided direct eye contact with Katsuki, and the increasing curl of his shoulders then Katsuki might buy it.

“Yea.”

“So…You’re going back home.”

“In San Diego.”

A brief, bitter smile quirked on Izuku’s face. Hands clenched and unclenched.  “Phoenix,” he offered in turn, sweeping his hand out.

“Guess we’ll use Facebook or some lame shit, right? Or Skype?”

His voice was as choppy as the ripples smacking the dock. “For what?”

“To date, you dumbass, whaddaya mean ‘for what’?”

“I’m not a summer fling?” Izuku asked with a heart-crushing authenticity in his voice that it got Katsuki to start wondering what asshole used him up and spat him out like old gum; and he could offer Izuku words of reassurance, a kiss on his lips, some speech about his dumb laughter and the fact whenever he saw Izuku Katsuk felt like someone shoved his ass off the back of a plane with no chute and a fast approaching earth but  those were Izuku’s moves and to be frank, Katsuki would fuck up the speech. So, instead he grabbed Izuku, ignoring Izuku’s squirming limbs and heaved him in the water.

“Kacchan!” Izuku cried, wiped his eyes and nose once his head poked the surface. The lake water got in his eyes, veined the whites with red.

“Get your head outta your ass, Izuku.”

Izuku kicked his legs and feet and for a long moment neither of them interrupted the sounds of the wilderness, the wind whispering through the leaves, the rhythmic thumping of the water against the dock, the squeaking birds, the mosquitos buzzing for food.

“C’mon,” Katsuki motioned on the shore.

Izuku trudged through the water and the sand, looking close to tears.

Katsuki ruffled his hair. “Now we gotta get you dry.”

“You pushed me in the water.”

“Then don’t ask dumb questions and that won’t happen to you again.”

Izuku sniffed. “Okay.”

Katsuki laced their fingers. “So next summer, I was thinking…”

[x]

His mom laid on the horn.

Katsuki flipped her off, and looked back at Izuku, leaning on the door of his white Chevy Impala. “You got my number, right, read it back to me.”

Izuku laughed, and repeated it back for the sixth time that day. “I told you I put it in right.”

“Yea,” he drummed his fingers on the doorframe, eyes everywhere but on the S’more gooey smile Izuku was tossing him. Seeing was a hell of a task to manage with the cloudless sky and the glaring sun anyway. “Well, gotta make sure your silly ass didn’t slip up.”

The whole camp was full of tearful goodbyes, group hugs, friendship bracelets, and promises to never forget the summer. Allison and Peter pinky swore to message each other on IM. Shindo and Denki made a complicated handshake and bumped their chests together.

“I’m gonna miss you,” he said, spoken like a secret, like he didn’t want the woods, the kids, their friends to know. Something just for Katsuki’s ears.

“Hey, shut up, just fucking text me. I ain’t gone.”

Izuku pouted, and rubbed the shimmer glossing in his eyes. “I know.”

“And send me nudes too, okay, hot ones. Ones of your ass—“

Izuku bridged the gap; that really shouldn’t be there right now, why did he allow an edge of space from him to Izuku, and pressed their mouths together in that sugary sweet way Katsuki had only seen in the movies. It left him aching. He sort of forgot kisses could be more than well build up to sex, they’re metaphorical Band-Aids.  “I really like you, Kacchan.”

“Just, uh, just get your ass home safe, alright. Don’t be doing stupid shit without me.”

“Oh, man, I’m gonna miss you campers,” Eijirou said, lifting the somber mood, and cradled Katsuki’s head against his sweaty chest, hand stroking through his hair like a pet.

“Shut the fuck up, dude, I’m gonna be here next summer.” He shoved him off.  “Chill with that shit.”

“Can I get a ‘happy camper’ from you?”

“You’ll get my fist up your ass, dude.”

Mina led Eijirou to baby blue colored Volkswagen van. “Bye, guys. See you next year.”

“Bye,” Izuku waved, watching the couple step in and start the radio. Lynyrd Skynyrd’ Free Bird floated out the windows, hands hung out again in farewell as Eijirou eased the van down the dirt road.  “So, next year?”

“Yea. Next summer.”

“But texts for now.”

“Texts and Skype, and maybe I’ll get a car and drive my ass to the desert.” He shrugged. That ‘maybe’ was a fucking definitely but Izuku didn’t need to know that yet.

“I’ll try not to mistaken you for a cactus.”

He snorted, stepping back because he could feel his body start to protest. “Drive. Now.”

Izuku snapped an arm out and pulled Katsuki right back. “I’m still hanging on, Kacchan.”

“Good. Don’t let go.”