Granger meets him on the landing before he even reaches her door. Then she takes one look at him, and he watches the pity form on her face. “That bad?”

Draco grunts. “Worse.”

“I just got Scorpius to sleep an hour ago. Do you want to have a drink?” She turns on her heel without waiting for an answer, and he follows her inside. “There’s a silencing charm on the flat so we won’t wake him.”

He already knows that since it’s what she always does. A crafty bit of magic so she’ll hear him if he wakes, but she won’t be the one to wake him. It hits him in the face for what seems like the thousandth time, how much he loves seeing this witch with his son. It’s unfair. That’s what it is. “I don’t understand how you manage to get him to sleep so easily.” Draco finally finds his voice. “He never wants to sleep when I’m putting him to bed.”

The laugh she gives is sweet. Granger’s back is to him while she uncaps a bottle of Ogdens, which is for him. She doesn’t even drink it—that’s the reason he keeps red wine stocked in his own flat—but he watches as she pours herself the same and then sets his glass on the counter. “Have a seat, Draco. You look awful.”

“Ah, that must be why the date was the worst one yet.”

She rolls her eyes, and rounds the counter to sit next to him. Granger climbs the barstool, which is too tall for her, but she insists she loves it. “You know perfectly well that you look impeccable, Malfoy.”

“Oh, is it Malfoy again?”

“Only when you’re being an insufferable prat—so yes, practically always. I meant that you look miserable. What happened?”

He takes a too long drink to stall and focuses on the burn it creates down his throat. “She was a nice witch.” Draco manages. He doesn’t want to get into this, but Granger’s not going to leave him the option. No, not Granger with her narrowing eyes, and teeth digging into her bottom lip. Her hair is up tonight, forced into a bun and he’s positive that it must have taken several elastics to secure it in place. “You hate having your hair up.”

“Your son pulled my hair earlier to get my attention.” Granger laughs when she says it, and that’s it. That’s why this bloody date just didn’t work.

The witch didn’t laugh when she spoke about Scorpius. Her eyes never lit up like this, but Granger’s entire face lights up.

His throat is dry from taking her in.

“So, I put it up to be safe. He’s got a grip for a five year old, honestly. Now, stop stalling. She was nice? What? Now you don’t like nice girls? Rather masochistic of you.”

He groans. No, he doesn’t like nice girls. He apparently fancies the absolutely fucking insufferable ones. “I didn’t like the way she referred to Scorpius.”

Granger froze, and her eyes narrowed to slits. “What do you mean?”

“I don’t mean—Merlin’s tits, you look like you’re ready to commit a crime.”

She arches her brow. A dare, or a promise. He doesn’t know which is scarier. “If she was rude about my favorite boy, I may very well have to.” The oversized jumper is slipping off her shoulder, and he can’t think of anything beyond how he wants to knot his fingers in the front of it and pull her forward until his mouth is against hers.

“It’s more— She realized I had a son, but didn’t seem to realize what that would mean for a relationship. She seemed to be under the impression that I didn’t spend all my time with him, or even a fraction of it.”

“That’s ridiculous. Anyone who knows you also knows how devoted you are to Scorpius.”

He rubs the back of his neck. “Apparently, she thought that was more for looking the part of a father, rather than my actually being a father.”

Granger snorts. “Good riddance then. What would she expect you to do? Leave Scorpius with a nanny all of the time?”

“That’s the impression I got.”

She grimaces. “I’m sorry it didn’t go well.”

“I knew it wouldn’t. It’s fine.”

Granger swallows a greedy mouthful of firewhisky, and it’s probably too much for her, but her shoulders fall when she sets the glass down. “Um, well, there’s actually something I needed to speak to you about.”

His stomach drops, and without thinking how it will look—or what it could give away—Draco drains the rest of his glass.

“Scorpius asked me why he doesn’t have a mother.” Granger lets it go in one breath, and his fingers tighten around the glass. “I know you’ve had that conversation, and it caught me so off-guard. When I tried to explain that Astoria had gotten sick, he nodded his head, but that wasn’t what he was asking about.”

For months now, Scorpius has been asking the same thing, and more recently, he’s been asking why he didn’t have a mother now. “I see. Was he upset?” Granger bites the inside of her cheek so hard, he can see the discomfort it causes. “Hey, stop that. Just tell me what he said, Granger.”

She wrings her hands in front of her. “He asked me what his mum would do for him if he had one.” Now her fingers are shaking, and he can’t quite swallow the lump in his throat. “And you know, I told him how a mum would cook him dinner, play with him, read to him, put him to bed. And he asked me if his mum would take him shopping, or to the muggle zoo—”

Granger took his son into the muggle world once to go to the zoo, and it’s been over a year, but it is all Scorpius will talk about when she’s there.

Do you remember the lion?

The otters look like your otter, ‘Mione.

Her eyes are watering now and he wants to crush her to his chest and press his mouth to the top of her head. She won’t even look at him now. “God, I didn’t want to cry. I’m sorry. It’s just— When I told him yes, that his mum would definitely do those things for him, Scorpius told me: but you do all of those things.”

His insides turn cold and his lips part.

“Scorpius asked to call me mum tonight.” Granger pulls her hair down, and sinks her fingers into it. “He said he just wanted to try it, and when I tried to tell him he couldn’t, he started to cry.”

Draco slides off his seat, and wraps both of his arms around her. “Come here, Granger.” His chin rests on top of her head, and he rubs a slow pattern down her spine. “You’re the best witch that Scorpius has in his life, you know that, don’t you? There is no one else I would ever leave my son with.”

“I don’t want to cry on you.”

He snorts. “What happened after?”

Granger sniffles. “I read to him, and when I tucked him in, he said it again. And then he told me it was nice to pretend, but he wished I could be his mum.”

Draco feels like his legs are going to completely give out beneath him. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He’s never mentioned anything to his son, hasn’t even spoken of this witch as more than his partner, his friend, but could he have noticed something? It was more likely that he’d spent so much time with Granger, he made the assumption on his own, but…

“I’m sorry.” Granger whispers, and he feels her hands grip his shirt. “I didn’t mean to confuse him, and I know making this any harder for him will be the last thing you want, but—”

“You are not at fault.” He bites out. She’s soft against him.

Soft enough that he knows he wants to pretend as well. If he closes his eyes, he can imagine this is more than consoling her, and that she just wants to be in the curve of him.

But he keeps his eyes open instead.

“It’s alright, Hermione. I’ll talk to Scorpius tomorrow.”

She gives the weakest nod she could manage, but she doesn’t move away.

Before he has to meet Granger at the DMLE, he takes his son to breakfast. In part because he’ll be gone for two nights, but mostly because it’s important to discuss the night before while it’s still fresh. Because it will likely not be a kind conversation to the miniature version of himself, Draco lets his son order more food than he can eat—while he swears that he can—and go too heavy on the syrup.

“How did you enjoy staying with Hermione?”

Scorpius has syrup streaked across his mouth, and a few crumbs stuck in the corner. “Good.” He swallows another bite. “We went to the store, and I got chocolate. She’s the best.”

She is. Draco cleared his throat, and took a drink of his tea. His head is still throbbing from the two deep glasses of Ogdens. The second had come once Granger stopped crying on him, and before he thought he could side-along with Scorpius without waking him. “Scorpius, did you ask Hermione if you could call her your mum?”

Scorpius’ fork clatters to the table and he looks away from Draco, toward the loo. “I…” His cheeks turn pink, and it’s immediate, the way his eyes shine with tears. “She told you?”

“She had to, Scorp.”

He buries his face in small hands, and pushes his plate away. “I love ‘Mione.”

Gods, so do I.

“And she loves me.” Scorpius says, voice thick. “She tells me all the time. If someone hurts me, she’ll hurt them back.”

Draco lets out a weak laugh, because it’s true, because she’d do the same for him, because Hermione Granger’s streak of protectiveness runs as long as it does deep.

“I want her to be my mum.”

Draco chokes. “Scorpius, that’s not— Hermione and I aren’t—”

“You went on a date last night.” Scorpius states, eyes watering, and Draco knows his son is rubbing his hands together under the table. “I don’t want any mum. I want ‘Mione.”

Oh, fucking hell. How is he meant to talk his way out of this one?

“You could love ‘Mione. She’s the best.”

Draco’s insides are breaking down, and the useless organ in his chest feels like it might just fail. He’s done a lot of things for sake of Scorpius’ happiness, but lying is not one of them—not when it can be avoided. And he feels like he might be drowning anyway, and coming up for air means admitting what he’s known for several months now.

He reaches across the table, and covers both of his son’s hands with his own. “Scorpius, of course I love Hermione.”

“You say that about my mum, but then you say you’re…” Scorpius’ brows knit together.

“I say that I’m not in love with her anymore.” Which is probably a lie too. Honestly. He and Astoria only had a few years together before the blood curse took it’s full effect. Undoubtedly, he would always love Astoria, but this—what Scorpius was trying to say threatens to drive him right into the ground.

“What about ‘Mione?”

There are two options: to lie, or to tell the truth. One means his son will almost certainly tell Granger, and the other means that she may never know at all. They are both terrible options that carve out his chest, but he’s promised not to lie about things that should be said.

And all he can really think is that there is nothing more he’d like to do than admit to whoever will listen that he is hopelessly in love with Hermione Granger. The witch who happens to be his auror partner, the only person—beyond his mother—he’ll trust with his son, and best friend.

“Dad?”

Draco pinches the bridge of his nose and exhales. “I’ll tell you a secret if you come here.”

Scorpius looks wary, but he slides off the bench and comes to sit beside him. “Is it a good secret?”

The best and the worst.

Leaning down, Draco whispers in Scorpius’ ear, low enough that no one can hear. “You can’t tell Hermione, okay? I have to tell her. Promise?”

Scorpius holds out his pinky like Granger taught him.

His heart physically hurts. There’s a thought for her everywhere he looks.

“I’m in love with Hermione.”

Scorpius bobs his head. “Yeah, I know.”

What a little shite.

“No.”

Granger stares back at him, half-way having shrugged her jacket on, and echoes, “No? What do you mean?”

“I mean you’re not going on a mission with Anthony Goldstein as your partner.” Draco snaps. The second she’d told him, he had been out of his chair, meeting her in the middle of their office. “The last time you—”

She straightens her collar. “You can’t keep bringing that up. It was more than two years ago, and it was hardly more than a flesh wound.”

Lie.

The memory makes him want to hex that wizard for a second time. “I don’t care if it’s been fifty years, you’re not going in the field with him again.”

Granger arches a brow. “I don’t think that’s your call to make. You’ll be on leave, Draco. I’ll make do with an alternate partner. In case you’ve missed it, I’m a big girl now and I’ll make sure to keep an eye behind me since he didn’t.” She shrugs. “In any case, it was so long ago, I’m sure it wouldn’t be an issue this time anyway.”

“No,” Draco snarls. “He doesn’t know his way around a wand for shite, and I’m not letting you prance into the middle of a mission with someone who doesn’t know how to protect his partner!”

“As enjoyable as this is—being told what I can and cannot do—I’m going to leave. The mission is already finalized, as is your time off for your birthday, so I suppose you’ll have to live with it.” Granger turns to leave, her hand nearly to the knob, and she gasps when he grabs her.

It’s a second between the thought entering his mind and him taking a step forward. Less than that to turn her so her back hits the wall beside the door, and he slaps a hand over her head. “Listen to me, Granger. Alright? Just listen.”

He doesn’t imagine where her breathing quickens when she peers up at him, but he can’t think through that right now.

“I know that I can’t stop you, but he’s not going to watch your back like I will.”

She fidgets, and looks away from him. “Maybe not, but I can make it a night without you, I think. Really, your mother planned this dinner over a month ago. She’ll be cross with you if you don’t show up at all.”

“I don’t care how upset my mother is. It would be nothing compared to how I will react if I get a floo call from Potter again, so he can tell me you’re unconscious. You remember what happened then, didn’t you?”

Granger squeezes her eyes shut. “Of course I remember.”

There are times he can’t hold back just what he feels for her, and it’s terrifying the way they force themselves to the surface. There is the moment he thought she might not wake up, and he’d been held back by multiple healers. There is a flash of him pummeling Anthony Goldstein so severely he could have been suspended or worse.

There is the moment on her last birthday where they had both been drunk, and he had wrapped a curl around his finger. He’d wanted to kiss her. Draco still thinks she would have let him.

“I’m putting in a request to Robards to put me on the mission.”

“Draco—”

His hand curls into a fist above her head. He should not be this close to her, but he can’t pull himself away either. “If you’re going to tell my Goldstein could do fine—”

“He can do fine!”

“The only thing Goldstein can do is get fucked.” Draco says dryly. “I don’t trust you to put in the request to Robards, so I’ll do it myself.”

“I should probably tell you what the mission is first,” Granger starts. “Really, it’s different then—”

Draco forces himself to pull away, and waves her off. “It can’t be any worse than the other missions we’ve been on, Granger.”

He’s many things, but currently, Draco is just wrong. No, this mission is not like the others they’ve taken in the past. He’s seen Granger through patrols of Diagon, Knockturn, and Hogsmeade on a slow weekend. He’s gone with her to scout potential uprisings, Death Eater sightings. They’ve investigated murders together, and stalkings, and he can very confidently say that there is no one better suited to be his partner than this witch.

“Surveillance only.” Head Auror Robards tells them. He casts a look on Draco that says he’s well aware of just why he’d wanted to be on the mission. Probably knows a bit more than that too.

As it turns out, this is not a mission where they’ll scout a bar, and sit at a distance, and watch the mark.

“They frequent this restaurant,” Granger says in the lift. “In order to get close to them, we’ll be posing as a couple—under glamours, of course—and while we won’t interact with them directly, we’ll be able to report back what their meeting is for.”

Illegal potions, that’s what this married couple is doing, and currently, Draco could not give less of a fuck. He’s in a hell of his own making.

“I tried to tell you this would be different.” Granger says as the lift jolts to a stop. “Well, that’s fantastic. It’s stuck again. Anyway, it’s not the usual. Will you be able to fake it?”

His voice is caught in his throat.

Sure, this is hell. If he hadn’t forced his way into this mission, it would be Anthony Goldstein posing as her other half, and that makes the contents of his stomach sour.

“It won’t be a problem.”

She’s gnawing her lower lip.

He wants to press her to the wall of the lift while it’s stuck, and kiss her until she realizes how far gone he is. Until her fingers knot in his hair, and that pretty red she’s painted her mouth with is smudged. Until there’s a red stain on his collar, and her lips are swollen from him.

“Are you sure?” Granger asks. “Well, I’ll tell you what I told Anthony. If you need to pretend I’m someone else for it to work, then that’s fine. We just have to be believable.”

There is not a single person he would choose to think of than the witch in front of her.

But the lift begins to move, and he’s struck silent.

Tonight, she’s a blonde with pretty blue eyes that will draw the attention of every wizard in the room, but he misses Granger. The Granger that sits on the barstool in an oversized jumper with her hair up because of his son, who stares at him like he is the most important thing.

It’s not fair, how much he cares for her.

She slides her hand into his, and threads their fingers together. “I’ll watch them for the most part if you can make sure we’re not out of place.” Granger stretches up to whisper in his ear. Even in heels, she’s so much shorter. When her breath slides past the shell of his ear though, there is the soft press of her mouth against that same spot. Just under his ear.

His knees could buckle from that alone. How embarrassing.

“There’s a wizard across the room watching us.” She continues on, her hand in his as they hover in the middle of the room, too far from the bar. “It’s probably nothing.”

Draco slips an arm around her waist instead of holding her hand.

He’s so incredibly fucked.

If Granger gathers anything important from the married couple, Draco can truthfully say that he has no idea. It’s hard enough to keep tabs on the rest of the restaurant without losing his mind, and he is so very close to losing it all together. The easy part is playing the doting husband to the woman beside him.

He’s fed her strawberries so far, which was not a part of the plan, but they have them and she loves them. So, he orders more, and watches her small smile when she leans forward to bite into it. Her tongue slides against it, and he thinks it might be for show, but he is painfully hard. Draco’s also certain he’s in danger of coming in his trousers.

“Thank you.” She murmurs. Granger takes a strawberry between her fingers and holds it out to him.

Dumbstruck, he tries to reach for it, but she shakes her head.

“Don’t be silly. I want to feed you now.”

God, he’s going to make a right fucking mess of himself in public because of this woman.

Granger doesn’t let him have it immediately though. She’s probably making the bartender uncomfortable with the show she’s putting on, dragging the strawberry across his bottom lip. She grins wildly when he chases it, tongue darting out.

“Stop being a bloody tease.”

She cocks her head to the side, and he can imagine the smile she’s wearing under the glamour. He imagines it would stop his heart dead in his chest if he saw it. Her lips part when he lets his tongue slide against her fingertips too slowly. Granger leans in, resting a hand on his upper thigh to balance herself, and whispers in his ear. “They’re leaving. We’ll wait a half hour to leave.”

Draco turns his face toward her. He could kiss her, but there would be no blaming it on work. It would be because he’d wanted to, and she would know. “Did you learn anything worthwhile?”

“You weren’t paying attention?”

“I was too busy being enamored with you.”

The blush that crawls across her face is entirely her, no acting. “Yes, I suppose I may have played my part too well, but you were rather convincing.”

He wants to think that she is so fucking stupid, but Draco can’t manage to do that either. And he’s had a few glasses now—for the sake of acting, he had said—so he could sit beside her without fidgeting out of his seat. The options are to laugh it off, and agree that they had both acted well, or to admit that he hadn’t been acting at all.

He’s so tired of lying, and the only witch in the world that makes him not want to be a coward is sitting in front of him.

The step off the ledge is the easiest thing he’s ever done.

“I wasn’t acting.” He says. “And you can make of that what you will. One word from you and I will never mention this again.” Their faces are still too close, so they won’t be overheard.

Granger grabs his hand, and nods her head toward the door. “We’re going. Now.”

There’s no ignoring the way he hates the sureness in her voice. Of course she wouldn’t want to let him down easily in public. The second they’re outside, and at the public apparition point, he’s rambling. “Look, I don’t want to ruin this friendship, or this partnership.”

She won’t look at him.

“I shouldn’t have said anything.”

Still not looking at him.

Granger grabs his hand. The world is a blur, a rush, and then they’re standing in his flat. It’s the first time her eyes connect with his as both glamours drop away.

God, he has fucked up monumentally. Now they are back to themselves—not that it had been any different before, but a stranger’s face had given him too much courage. Too much.

“Scorpius told me you were in love with me today.” Granger’s voice was rough. “I thought it might be because he called me mum, and he wanted it to be true.”

Fuck him, he’d really blown this.

“If you say you weren’t acting, is it true?”

Draco fumbles for his wand and finds himself on the end of her own.

“If you apparate away from me, I will absolutely throttle you when I catch up, and you know I’ll catch up to you.” Granger’s throat bobs when she swallows. “Draco, just tell me the truth.”

“I don’t want to ruin this—”

“You couldn’t ruin anything if you tried.”

“Then you have clearly never met me.”

She tosses her wand to the side, and snatches his before doing the same. “No running this time, Draco. It’s just us, and Merlin knows we’ve shared more secrets than this one. It’s just me.”

“It is never just you.” He bites out. And this secret, if that’s what they’re calling it, is earth-shattering. It can break him apart to watch her gaze shift to pitying. “For fuck’s sake, you’ve been running through my head for years. You are an absolute menace.”

The corner of her mouth twitches. “You know I don’t try to be. In fact, you know me better than anyone else in the world. Better than Ron or Harry, even.”

“Granger, just— If you’re going to let me down easy, leave me my pride. Just spit it out, and take the Floo. It kills me to look at you when I can’t—”

“When you can’t what?”

He takes another look at her. Her lips are soft, her brows knitted together, and her eyes have always gone straight fucking through him. The dress that’s on her will drive him mad if he lets it, and he will, because he has always been willing to suffer for Hermione Granger.

Draco drags a hand through his hair, takes a too large step back, and watches her step toward him. Two steps to match his one. She’s reaching for him, and his name is on her tongue and it is too much. “Oh, fuck it all.” Draco frames her face with his hands and slants his mouth over hers. It takes a step to pull her into the curve of him—a perfect fit—and a second to feel her slump against him before she’s kissing him just as fervently.

It’s her to lead them toward the sofa, and he collapses to the cushions. “Hermione—”

She sits in his lap, straddles him, and he hears the rip of her dress. “Is it Hermione now?” She whispers before they’re kissing again.

Draco has always saved her name for the most important moments.

For watching her accomplishments come to life.

For sitting at her bedside in St Mungos while whispering things that make her heart rate jump.

It’s for when she sits in his lap, and rolls her hips while whimpering his name.

“If you don’t stop overthinking and kiss me, I am never going to forgive you.” Hermione murmurs, pressing her mouth to his over and over again.

“I don’t understand.” Draco mumbles, but his fingers flex on her hips, and he thinks he can wait until this is over to sort it out.

She gives this weak giggle that just fucks him up. “There really isn’t much to understand.” Hermione tells him, and she sits up, resting her hands on his knees while leaning back. “I hate watching you go on dates with other witches. I hate seeing you after them. I even hate the way I’m so glad when they’re awful because I know how badly you want to give Scorpius a whole family.”

Draco blinks. “You hate me going on dates?”

“I believe that’s what I said.”

She’s so cheeky that he wants to make her scream.

“You’ve set me up with witches. What the fuck do you mean that you hate it?”

“I didn’t think this was an option, and I wanted you to be happy. Hoping to sabotage your life would be selfish.”

He wraps an arm around her middle, and turns her. Practically throws her onto the sofa so he can hover over her, his palms on either side of her head. “Be fucking selfish, Granger. I would throw the world at your feet.”

Hermione loosens the windsor knot at his throat. “I always thought I was your partner, just your friend. Why else would I have cried so much when Scorpius wanted to call me mum? It’s not only because he was sad, you know. I knew it meant eventually you would find someone, and our relationship wouldn’t be what it is anymore.”

He wants to kiss her. He wants to tear his hair out at the same time. “God, that doesn’t even make sense. You would always be the person I go to first.”

She rolls her eyes and he growls. “Not if you were married. There’d only be room for one witch then, and it couldn’t—”

“It is always you.” He breathes. “Always only you.” Draco stands, albeit awkwardly, and pulls her to her feet. “Wipe that dejected look off your face. We’ll make it back to the sofa, no doubt, but the first time I worship you, it will not be on a sofa.”

“I don’t care where we are, you prat. Just—”

When she reaches for him, Draco picks her up instead. The dress rips further, and she throws her arms around his neck before she’s kissing him all over again. No doubt they’ll argue again, probably even when he’s between her thighs.

Kicking the door open to his bedroom, Draco cups the back of her neck as he sits at the foot of the bed with her in his lap once more.

She wiggles her arse, and grins the second he groans. “You never answered my question directly, you know.”

“I’ve forgotten the question.”

Not a lie, but she punishes him with a roll of her hips, and his hard length presses against her cunt. “Is it true?” She kisses him, this time it’s soft, and slow. “I want to hear it, Draco.”

Draco peels down the straps of her dress, and drops his mouth to the soft skin between her breasts. “Gods, I love you.” He whispers. “I would have taken any moment to be with you, even if they never led to this.”

“I love you.” Hermione lets her dress fall further, revealing bare breasts and he groans.

“Fucking Christ.”

She presses him backward, hovering over him. “You have such a foul mouth.”

Without a wand, Draco takes his time stripping her, ripping the dress down the side since it’s already in pieces. However, she’s utterly bare beneath.

“I don’t like the lines.”

“You’ll be the death of me.”

“Surely it will be a very happy death.” She doesn’t bother with unbuttoning his shirt, but rips it open before he props himself up so she can throw it to the floor. Hermione has to crawl off of him for him to kick his trousers off, and then he’s on her once more.

They’re tangled together in the bed, her legs spread as he dips his fingers between them. “Fuck me if you’re not the prettiest thing I’ve ever seen.”

The smile she gives him is lazy, and he’s certain in the moment that he will do everything to see that smile every day until he’s nothing but dust. She squirms under his hand, biting her lip while riding his hand.

It’s a blur, but he knows that he will remember every moment tomorrow.

She wraps her fingers around his cock, stroking him as she lifts her hips for him. Her pleasure is a mess, defined by the moans she makes, the whimpers of his name, the sweetest fucking please he’s ever heard, and he knows that he will never be able to have enough of this witch.

Draco moves between her thighs, ignoring the soft whine she gives when she can no longer touch him, and kneels before her.

Hermione is a second from saying something when his tongue slides through her folds, and her head drops back down to the bed. “Oh, God.”

He wraps his arms around her legs, spreading her open for him, and listening to her breathing as he licks her. Short, slow strokes of his tongue cause her breathing to grow shallower, content in what he’s doing to her. Rushed strokes of his tongue have her lifting her hips, and pressing her sweet cunt to his mouth while she cries out for him. The gentle graze of his teeth on her clit causes her to scream for him, throwing her arms out, and gripping the sheets until she’s swearing—swearing that she's going to come.

If he could, he would tell her how badly he needs to taste her as she comes. Draco would tell her how he’d beg for her on his knees if he must, but there would be other moments.

It’s when he pumps two fingers inside of her, curling with each stroke, that she breaks apart. She shrieks, digs her fingers into his hair until her nails scratch his scalp, and lifts her hips to follow his tongue. Even as she comes down, he watches her take the slow licks he gives her until she’s shuddering around him.

“Draco…”

He thinks of all the places he wants to hear her say his name just like that. On his sofa, over his counter, in his shower, over his desk in their shared office.

“Come here.” She whispers, and it’s desperate, the way she kisses him then. “Please, I need—”

Draco rests his forehead against hers. “I know, sweetheart.”

She whimpers at that too, and it’s a low, strangled sound. Hermione pulls him over her, in the cradle of her thighs. “No more waiting, alright?”

“Not for even a second,” he promises.

“No teasing.” Hermione meets his eyes, and the demand breaks off when the head of his cock rubs against her slick cunt. “No teasing.”

“Not even a little?” Draco murmurs, moving his hips until his cock is brushing her clit. “You look like you’re enjoying it so well, love.”

Hermione presses the back of her heels into his arse and shoves him forward.

He’s not expecting it, though he probably should have, and Draco slides into her with one thrust. One movement that nearly has him wanting to come before they’ve begun. “Oh, my fucking Christ.”

Her eyes flutter closes, dark lashes against her cheeks, and her mouth is parted, forming this delicious little o that he will never be able to get out of his head. “You feel so good.” Hermione moans, and lifts her hips. She’s moving against him before he manages to tamper his self-control.

Greedy little thing.

Draco lifts her legs over his shoulders, and pulls nearly out of her before taking her again with a hard thrust that causes her to drag her nails down his chest.

“Please. Just like that.”

He doesn’t need to be told twice. When he manages to speak, it’s nearly always her name. A repeated prayer as he slides into her until there’s sweat forming on his brow, and there will be scratches on his chest from her nails while he fucks her.

Hermione reaches between her thighs, between them, and flicks her eyes up at them. “Can I…?”

“Fuck me, please.” He can barely get out those three words, and she’s grinning smugly until he slams into her again as he tilts her hips. “That’s it, love. Play with your cunt for me. God, I want to see you just like this when I’m not inside you.”

The sound she makes is low, keening. Desperate, if he’s hopeful.

“Will you give me that? Will you spread your pretty thighs for me, and show me how you get yourself off, love? I’ll make you feel so fucking good after.”

He wants to hear this witch whine every single night for the rest of his life.

“Yes,” she gasps. “As long as you don’t stop, yes.”

“I want to watch you come on my cock. That’s it. Good girl. Show me how well you can touch yourself when I’m fucking you.”

She comes with a scream, and when her hand falls away, Draco rubs his thumb against her clit until she’s trying to reach for the headboard. In a single second, he’s falling with her, and honestly, he’s probably never come so hard in his life. “Draco, fuck.”

God, he loves that word on her tongue.

In the wake of her screams, and still shaking thighs, Hermione crawls up to lay beside him. She burrows under the weight of his arm, and presses her lips to his temple. “You’re so sweaty.”

He glares at her. “I sincerely hope you are not about to complain.”

“No…” she trails off. “Actually, I think it turns me on.” She runs her fingers over the scar that bisects his chest. “I meant it, you know. It wasn’t something I said in the moment.”

He knows they are not talking about whether or not his sweating gets her hot.

“I know.” Draco murmurs. His throat is raw. “Say it again, Granger.”

Her smile must be the most brilliant thing he’s ever seen. “I love you.”

His head falls back.

“In fact, I’ve loved you for a long time.”

It’s the best thing he’s ever heard.

In the morning, there are several things to deal with. There is his mother who has been blocked from his floo since the day before he chose to tell her he would not be coming to dinner. There is his son, who is a little liar that broke a pinky promise, but it’s probably the only reason the night before happened. So, Draco plans to buy his son an astronomical amount of candy, and he might buy him a new training broom.

And there is one more thing.

Hermione Granger is sprawled across his bed in one of his quidditch tops. She’d never put her knickers back on, and he has a delicious view of her slick cunt. There is nothing he would rather do than crawl into bed with her and sit her in his lap so she can take his cock.

But he plans to do this right, and not ravish her before they discuss exactly what happened.

He doesn’t doubt her, but there are still facts, and one of those is that his son is the most important person to him. Before this goes any further, he’ll have to know for sure—without the breathy moans he can still hear—that there is a chance for a future before he can get Scorpius’ hopes up.

So, he makes tea and waits for her to wake up.

Until she doesn’t, so he bangs a pot against another so she’ll wake up. He puts them back before she pads into the kitchen, and stares at him.

God, she’s still the prettiest thing he’s ever seen.

“You’re not wearing a shirt.”

“You’re not wearing pants.” Draco smiles, and pushes the cup toward her. “I rather like this look for you, really.”

She takes a slow sip, and her shoulders relax. “Are you going to freak out?”

Draco snorts. “No, I managed to do that while you were still asleep, thank you.”

Granger nods, and smiles over the rim of her cup. “Ask me then.”

It’s not a surprise that she knows exactly what’s on his mind. “Are you sure about this? It’s a lot to take in, Hermione. This wouldn’t be just about being with me.”

“No, it’s not but that doesn’t matter to me. I have loved Scorpius since the first day I met him, and I have loved him more every day since. If I love him more than I may ever be able to love you, will that make you angry?”

No, because he could never love someone more than Scorpius, but she already knows that. Down to her bones, Hermione knows that she’ll be number one, only in a different way.

She smiles softly and he has to wonder if he’s said it out loud, or if she knows him so well that she can see it written across his face. It’s probably the latter. “I love you so much that sometimes I can’t breathe.” Draco admits.

Hermione sets her cup down and comes around the counter to him. “I love you.” She says, and tilts her face up.

He tugs her forward as she threads their fingers together. “You want this?” He drops his head down. “With me? All of it?”

“All of it.” Hermione echoes.

“When Scorpius asks you if he can call you mum, what will you say? If you need time, that’s more than okay. I can—”

Hermione stretches up to meet him, sliding her arms over his shoulders, and she laughs when he sets her on the counter. “I’ll say yes.” She whispers. “Let him ask me when he comes home.”

“We’ll have to report this to Robards, you know.”

“He’s not going to separate us. We’re far better together than we are apart.”

Draco runs his hands over her thighs. “I love you.”

“I know.”

“You are such a smug witch.”

She holds her hands up in defense. “We could have had this all along is all.”

“And a know it all.”

“You love me.” She whispers.

“I know.”