It’s barely 8.30pm and Wei Ying has had  enough.

Jin Zixuan’s birthday—an event already fraught with societal and familial landmines—has actually been going well! Wei Ying looks  cute: crimson silk button-up rolled to the elbows, his best and classiest (read: ass even Peachier, but in like a Respectful way) high-waisted jeans, plus the cuban-heeled ankle boots Jin Zixuan had bought him for  his  birthday. A nod to his host and ensuring he’s the hottest thing in the room? Check.

He spent months on his present—fine-tuning details, colour-palettes, angles and lines—and he's proud to say it’s some of his finest work. A family portrait of jiejie, Jin Zixuan and little A-Ling immortalised in a watercolour summer’s day on one of Yunmeng’s beautiful bridges. He’d got it framed in a quietly-elegant gilt-rosewood, with lotuses and peonies carved in the corners. When Wei Ying unveiled it, Jin Zixuan’s mouth had dropped open and his eyes got a little misty, so obviously Wei Ying is winning the neidi olympics.

Everyone has been having a good time. Wei Ying had presented some very nice gin to Mrs Yu and Mrs Jin, and Yu Ziyuan had actually managed a  smile. (You are  welcome  Jiang Cheng!) Even Jin Guangshan, as well as all of the more troublesome Jin cousins, were, for the most part, behaving themselves. All in all, it had been shaping up to being a perfectly lovely, perhaps even pleasantly boring, evening.

As if the universe will hurtle inexorably towards its heat-death unless it proves Wei Ying wrong, this is when Wen Chao arrives. Late and already on the way to wasted, accompanied by his entourage—like he’s actually someone important and not just the spoilt brat of the Qishan Wen’s Import/Export empire Firebrand. (Which, ugh.) Wen Chao strolls in, like he owns the place, dressed in a garish white suit, red vest and tie combination that should never have been made let alone allowed to be sold.

He scans the room and zeroes in on Wei Ying like a moth to a flame. Or rather, like a gaudy flame intent on putting its gross tongue all over a moth who just wanted to mind his own business, have a good night, and get home happily tipsy at a goddamn reasonable hour,  yeesh.

Wen Chao swaggers up beside him, way too close, and smiles in what Wei Ying assumes is meant to be somehow seductive. “Li Jing, right?”

It’s a struggle not to roll his eyes. But they’ve caught the attention of some other guests—Mrs Yu chief among them—and Wei Ying  refuses  to make a scene. He wouldn’t do that to his Jiejie.

“Wei Ying, actually.” He smiles politely (through his goddamn  teeth).

It’s redundant; Wen Chao isn’t listening. He’s staring at the collar of Wei Ying’s shirt, and for the first time that evening, Wei Ying is regretting looking like such a hot piece of ass. Wen Chao smirks like they’re mutually playing a game and he’s not an arrogant piece of shit holding Wei Ying hostage for the sake of propriety. “Of course,” he says, full sleazeball, “that’s what I said.”

Wei Ying keeps his smile plastered on. “Right.” He takes a breath and turns to make his escape. “Anyway, if you’ll—”

Wen Chao steps into his path. “Where are you off to in such a rush Xiao Ying! We’ve only just started getting to know each other.”

The familiar address coming out of Wen Chao’s vile mouth is physically grating. Wei Ying doesn’t want to do this, hates that this asshole is forcing him to use his  kid  as an  excuse, but Wen Chao’s just the kind of man to be put off by the very concept of small humans. So Wei Ying plays his ace. “Apologies, my son is waiting for me, so if you’ll excuse me—”

But the bastard doesn’t even blink. “Your son isn’t here tonight though, is he?” Wen Chao doesn’t wait for a response. “I certainly haven’t seen any children. They’d all be in bed now anyway. And,” Wen Chao’s smile is triumphant and repulsive. His tongue flashes out and licks over his bottom lip.  Like a toad, Wei Ying thinks, and yet somehow that’s meaner to toads. “I bet such a responsible man like yourself organised for a sitter, am I right?”

This smug  fucker. Like, he’s technically right and wrong: A-Yuan isn’t here because he’s actually sleeping over with that adorable Ouyang boy, but  still. It’s the principle of the thing. Wei Ying gathers his thoughts and tries to come up with something that might actually get him out of this. “Well—”

“So naturally you have time to spare.” Wen Chao’s meaty hand grips Wei Ying’s wrist. Wei Ying doesn’t even try to hide his shiver of absolute revulsion.

Unfortunately Wen Chao takes this as an invitation to be even more invasive.

“How about you and I find a nice quiet corner and…  chat  a while.” Wen Chao isn’t asking and he’s certainly not interested in  chatting. He’s already pulling Wei Ying towards a door that undoubtedly leads to some empty parlour in this maze of a mansion.

(He loves his jiejie and has grown to love his idiot of a jiefu, but he cannot  stand their monstrosity of a house.)

Wei Ying casts his gaze around but no one—not jiejie, A-Cheng, Jin Zixuan, hell, not even last-resort Mrs Yu—is looking their way.

Wen Chao is still talking—somewhere nice and quiet  secluded, I want to get to know more of you  Xiao Ying—and dragging Wei Ying further from the surrounding guests. Wei Ying tries not to panic, tries to manoeuvre his wrist out of Wen Chao’s iron grasp, tries to think of a way out.

That’s when he sees  him. In the farthest corner of the room, admiring an enormous painting of an wind-swept mountain landscape, stands the most stunning man Wei Ying’s ever seen. Tall,  gorgeous, and—most importantly—alone, with one arm elegantly poised behind his (mm, very broad) back. The man is an absolute vision in his crisp-white, band-collar button-up and ice-blue, wide-legged slacks, the matching blazer draped artfully over his forearm, and what appears to be a pair of white Oxfords to complete the mouth-watering aesthetic. He’s got at least two inches on Wei Ying’s height, even with his cuban heels, and has the absolutely glacial aura of  do not talk to me.

He’s  perfect.

Wei Ying makes a split-second decision and prays it pays off.

He clears his throat and plants his feet, shifting his weight so that when Wen Chao reels back at the sudden stop Wei Ying doesn’t overbalance. Wei Ying lets his smile sharpen to a blade, decorum be fucking damned. “Regrettably I must decline as my husband wouldn’t really appreciate that. Excuse me.” Not  quite  wrenching his arm from Wen Chao’s firm grip, Wei Ying makes a beeline for the enticing art-admirer. Under the pretence of flicking his ponytail, he risks a glance over his shoulder and catches Wen Chao’s perplexed expression slowly morphing into a petulant scowl.

Wei Ying has maybe a few moments. He takes his chance.

He hooks his arm comfortably through the man’s elbow and leans into his space. The man jumps slightly and Wei Ying quickly places a quelling hand on his forearm.

“I’m so sorry to do this to you, but I’m literally begging,” Wei Ying says in a low rush. The man is looking at him but Wei Ying concentrates his gaze on the painting before them. There's a faint, but lovely wave of sandalwood drifting over him and Wei Ying breathes it in. “I’m Wei Ying. There’s a man over my left shoulder, probably on his way over here, who has been harassing me for, like, the last ten fucking minutes and  refuses  to take no for an answer. I’ve tried the graceful route, even told him about my A-Yuan—my son—and he  still  won’t leave me alone. So I may have told him you were my husband in order to get away from him.” He swallows down a hysterical laugh. This is both one of the most ridiculous and stressful experiences of his life, and there have been plenty of those. Though, he does admit, the scent of sandalwood and the sturdiness of the man's presence are helping. He forges on. “I swear the  moment  he is out of sight I’ll leave you in peace. Just, please, for the next fifteen or so minutes, could you pretend to be madly in love with me?” He glances up at the man and  oh shit  he’s even more beautiful up close. He’s actually at least a head taller than Wei Ying with golden eyes and high cheekbones sharp enough to slice stone. He’s  breathtaking. There’s something almost familiar about him but it dances just on the edge of Wei Ying’s memory. If he could just— But no, he has a mission here. “Please,” he says softly, finally, as he tracks the distinct sound of Wen Chao’s designer loafers rapidly cutting across the glossy floor towards them. “Please help me.”

The man gives the tiniest hint of a nod and Wei Ying very nearly collapses in relief. He actually probably would have totally crumpled like a damsel except suddenly the beautiful man’s arm is strong and warm around his waist. He dips his head towards Wei Ying, lips right by his ear, and whispers, “Lan Zhan.”

And Wei Ying  really needs to rein in his libido because this is the exact moment Wen Chao gives a none-too-polite cough from right behind them.

The beautiful man—Lan Zhan—actually waits a beat. It’s equally such a power-move and so surprisingly petty that Wei Ying has to stifle a laugh. When Lan Zhan does finally turn them around Wei Ying is absolutely delighted to find that Wen Chao has to look up slightly to meet Lan Zhan’s gaze.

Wen Chao blinks but then slips back into his haughtiness like a second skin. “Ah, you must be the famous husband Xiao Ying has been waxing poetic about!” He looks like the cat who got the cream—so sure he’s about to call Wei Ying out on his very fake husband and decided  lack  of waxing, poetic or no.

Lan Zhan tucks Wei Ying possessively against his side and moves his arm up to rest across Wei Ying’s shoulders. Wei Ying is completely  head empty; thoughts only:  holy fuck holy fuck arms big arms huge arms I wonder if he could hold me up against—

“My A-Ying is lyrical and luminous when he speaks about any subject, but it is always a special honour when he chooses to — how did you put it?” Lan Zhan tilts his head, voice dangerously even, and Wei Ying maybe wants to bare his throat?! “Ah, yes,  wax poetic  about me. A privilege only eclipsed by actually being Wei Ying’s husband, of course.”

Wei Ying tries not to gape and succeeds only in blushing to his hairline. “Lan Zhan! You—!” He also tries to squash down most of the lust but some of it definitely escapes in his breathless, “Have mercy, gege, sweetheart, husband, mercy!” He fans himself hoping the melodrama will be enough to distract from his frantic heart and rapidly hardening dick.

Lan Zhan's hand tightens on his shoulder. It's really big. Wei Ying allows himself one (1) subtle, internal conniption about this and then forces himself to move on.

For the first time Wen Chao actually looks like he’s been caught out on the wrong foot. He tries to smooth his expression over, but when he laughs it’s clearly forced. “Xiao Ying is lucky to be so cared for by—”

Wei Ying has to fight a feral smile when Lan Zhan actually  cuts Wen Chao off. “You have no right to use that name.”

“What?” Wen Chao’s mouth hangs slightly open and he looks even more like a toad (which is still a bigger insult to actual toads).

Lan Zhan looks down at Wei Ying and runs his fingers up his arm. Wei Ying keeps his focus on Wen Chao’s face, which is now vaguely puce in colour. He doesn’t dare look at Lan Zhan or else he might do something truly mental, like start passionately making out with him right here and now.

“Are you A-Ying’s husband?” Lan Zhan asks in a wonderfully bored voice, with just the hint of something sharp underneath, like velvet over glass.

Wen Chao rolls his eyes. It’s a Mistake. “No,  obviously—”

“Then you have no right to call him  Xiao Ying,” Lan Zhan once again interrupts, like the stone-cold king that he is, and Wei Ying maybe kind of possibly would be absolutely ecstatically happy to immediately drop to his knees.

Wen Chao snorts. “I’ll call him whatever I like. He doesn’t mind.” He smiles greasily at Wei Ying. “Right,  Xiao Ying?”

Swinging so rapidly between his raging desire for Lan Zhan and visceral loathing of Wen Chao is giving him whiplash. “Actually—”

Lan Zhan sweeps Wei Ying to his other side so his very body is a barrier between Wei Ying and Wen Chao. His glare could wilt entire fields of flowers and it’s the hottest thing Wei Ying’s ever seen. It’s topped only by the  incredibly sexy  way Lan Zhan says, “You are not qualified to speak to either of us. We must be heading home to our son. Good evening,” and pulls Wei Ying away.

And, just like that, it’s over. Wei Ying is bursting with equal parts relief, horniness, and the most embarrassing urge to fist-pump the air.

“Lan Zhan,” he murmurs, as they swiftly make their way back across the room. “That was  amazing, holy shit!”

He catches the smallest smile on Lan Zhan’s lips in his periphery. “I think it may be prudent to take our leave before he causes a very undiplomatic incident,” Lan Zhan murmurs back, large hand (!) dropping to hold Wei Ying’s waist.

They’re heading towards the entrance hall. Wei Ying wishes he could stay a bit longer for Jiejie and Zixuan but he knows Lan Zhan’s right. There’s no way Wen Chao will not cause a scene now that Lan Zhan has so thoroughly humiliated him. Thankfully jiejie and Jin Zixuan are standing near one of the hors d'oeuvre tables by the entrance so Wei Ying and Lan Zhan have to pass them on the way out.

When they see them, jiejie and Jin Zixuan speak at the same time.

“A-Ying?”

“Lan Zhan?”

Wei Ying and Lan Zhan glance at one another and Wei Ying smiles. He turns back to jiejie. “Sorry, Wen Chao happened. Me and my knight in haute couture over here have to skidaddle before he decides to make your night even more about him.”

“How do you two—” Jin Zixuan starts but jiejie puts a hand on his forearm.

“That’s perfectly fine A-Ying.” She turns a suddenly intense gaze on Lan Zhan, “Get him home safe.”

Wei Ying splutters a bit—he was gonna ask  anyway, but, in like, an alluring way  once they were outside! He doesn’t need his jie to set him up  oh my god!—but Lan Zhan just nods, completely sincere and Wei Ying tries not to die of mortification.

They say their goodbyes and collect their overcoats. Maybe Wei Ying’s face is a little pink. So what? That’s  his business.

Lan Zhan actually helps him put his coat on like a hero from a drama and Wei Ying is  not  swooning. “Did you drive?” Lan Zhan asks, once again close to Wei Ying’s ear and Wei Ying is so turned on he could possibly fizzle into confetti with a single touch.

“Ah, no. I took the train.” The Ouyangs weren’t dropping A-Yuan home until later the following morning, so he’d been planning to have a little bit more of a drink towards the end of the night and walk home via the park in the cold and quiet.

Lan Zhan steps back and, after a moment’s pause, offers his arm to Wei Ying. Wei Ying absolutely cannot help the grin that splits his face as he takes it. “Then I shall take Wei Ying home,” Lan Zhan says and it sounds like a promise.

^ * ^

They barely make it through Wei Ying’s front door.

Wei Ying slams Lan Zhan into the entryway wall, presses right up against his fucking  godly  body and fully moans into his mouth. He thrusts his thigh between Lan Zhan’s, grinding them together, and Wei Ying is  going to combust.

Wei Ying throws their coats over the coat stand by the door. He kicks off his boots, a little uncoordinated, and laughs against Lan Zhan’s lips as he almost topples. Lan Zhan kisses his laughter with his own sweet smile and somehow manages to gracefully toe-off his Oxfords without unbalancing at all. He presses harder into Wei Ying and Wei Ying can feel  all of him, holy shit. Part of him wants to laugh again at the honest-to-fucking-god anaconda in Lan Zhan’s pants, but all he can do is utter the most embarrassing whine.

Lan Zhan’s scorching hands tighten on Wei Ying’s waist. Wei Ying clings to his neck, kisses almost bruising, and forces Lan Zhan to bend his taller frame towards him further. It’s intoxicating—the power Lan Zhan both so easily wields and allows Wei Ying to take. One of Lan Zhan’s hands slides up his spine and pulls his ponytail loose. His fist tightens in Wei Ying’s hair and yanks him to the side. Wei Ying’s gasp becomes a fervent  oh fuck yes  when Lan Zhan bites the juncture between his shoulder and throat.

Wei Ying’s hands can’t decide if they want to undo Lan Zhan’s belt or scratch down the rippling muscles of his back. He compromises by furiously unbuttoning Lan Zhan’s shirt and pinching a brown, pebbled nipple. Lan Zhan groans into Wei Ying’s throat. Wei Ying tugs Lan Zhan’s face back to him and peppers searing kisses all over it.

“Bed?” He pants and Lan Zhan nods before sweeping back in to kiss Wei Ying breathless.

Wei Ying gives up trying to take off Lan Zhan’s shirt and instead tries to turn away and lead Lan Zhan to his bedroom.  Tries  being the operative word, because two things happen simultaneously: 1) he trips over one of A-Yuan’s plushies (a pink duck named Blue that he  told  A-Yuan to put away this morning, which he clearly  didn’t), but 2) he doesn’t subsequently hit the ground with his face in a heap because Lan Zhan  picks him up.

Wei Ying, a fully grown man, held aloft in a princess carry like it’s  nothing.

Marry me, Wei Ying thinks, because he’s a U-Haul Lesbian now.

“I believe we are already married,” Lan Zhan, apparently either a comedian or also a U-Haul Lesbian, says, because oh yeah Wei Ying actually  said that out loud.

The party. The ruse. The flirting. Of course, they’re already married. But—

“My kid has to approve of you first.” Wei Ying tightens his arms around Lan Zhan’s neck and lifts his chin, defiant and determined.

“Of course,” Lan Zhan says, like he's not the holy grail all men wish they were. (Dream on, Trash.) He adjusts his hold on Wei Ying and it’s unspeakably and unfairly attractive. “Bedroom?”

Wei Ying switches from Protective Baba Mode to Horny DILF Mode very fast. “Down the hallway, second door on the left.”

Lan Zhan gives him a far-too-brief brief but superbly firm kiss and strides to Wei Ying’s room. He shifts most of Wei Ying’s weight to one-arm to open the door and Wei Ying maybe whites out with lust for a second. The next he knows, Lan Zhan is flinging the covers back and throwing Wei Ying down on his own bed.

“Lube? Condoms?” Lan Zhan asks.

Wei Ying points to his bedside table. “Bottom drawer.”

Lan Zhan nods as he shrugs out of his shirt and lays it over Wei Ying’s laundry chair. Wei Ying tries not to actively drool. Lan Zhan goes to undo his belt then looks at Wei Ying with an expectant brow. Wei Ying blinks at him. Lan Zhan quirks a fleeting smile and says, “Wei Ying, undress.”

Wei Ying practically rips the clothes from his body. He’s never stripped so fast in his  life.

Lan Zhan divests himself of his slacks and underwear in one go, and Wei Ying’s brain is too busy going  hnnng  to track much more than  yum, yes, please as Lan Zhan drapes them over his shirt. He bends down to and retrieves the lube and a string of condoms. He pauses, considering, glances at Wei Ying and nods, and then pulls out the towel Wei Ying also keeps there.

It’s so stupidly mundane and thoughtful that Wei Ying, naked and practically vibrating with his want, feels the moment his heart physically clenches in his chest. He’s so hard it  hurts and he’s also so full of overwhelming affection he could burst.

(Wei Ying is maybe in love with him.)

He palms himself for a little relief and smiles at Lan Zhan. Lan Zhan smiles back and taps his hip to nudge him over. He crawls onto the bed and manhandles Wei Ying onto the towel. And, like, did Lan Zhan think he could tick off a third of Wei Ying's kinks in short succession and expect him to just  not  respond?! Wei Ying drags him down into a fierce kiss—hot, wet and luscious. Their bodies slide flush against one another and Wei Ying’s not sure whose groan is louder. Lan Zhan feels  exquisite: the divine sharp lines of his shoulders, hips, and thighs, the softness of his belly, and the delicious, solid weight of his cock against Wei Ying’s.

Lan Zhan kisses a path from his jaw, down his throat, to his collarbones. He sucks a tingling mark right where absolutely none of his shirts will cover and looks up at Wei Ying through lashes long enough to be illegal. “Do you have a preference?” Lan Zhan asks, because he’s a fucking gentleman who kisses his way back to Wei Ying’s mouth and slowly drives him insane.

“I’d very much like to be railed into my mattress, thank you,” Wei Ying says between kisses.

Lan Zhan laughs, a little bit of a wheeze like it’s been startled out of him, raises himself on his knees with his magnificent forearms and rests back on his heels. Wei Ying barely gets a moment to admire the view before Lan Zhan flips him over onto his stomach.

He yelps then laughs, giddy and unrestrained. “So rough, gege, sweetheart.”  Does he dare? Who’s he kidding, of course he does. Wei Ying lowers his voice to a sultry hum, flicks his gaze over his shoulder and wiggles his very fine ass as he delivers the killing blow, “Husband.”

Lan Zhan actually fucking growls. He grips Wei Ying’s waist, alternating between delivering stinging nips and heady kisses in a blazing trail down his back. He swirls his tongue lightly and briefly in the valley between Wei Ying’s shoulder blades, laves a hickey where Wei Ying knows he has a scar and a triad of freckles. Wei Ying quivers with it—Lan Zhan’s focus, his intensity; the softness of his lips, the strength of his hands.

Mostly Wei Ying’s really trying not to come immediately. He hears a condom packet rip, wishes he could watch the slow roll of it on Lan Zhan’s cock, wishes he could do it himself, but then Lan Zhan’s lips are back on his skin and Wei Ying’s thoughts float free and far.

Lan Zhan kisses the two dips at the base of his spine as his big, beautiful hands take hold of Wei Ying’s hips. And Wei Ying thinks yes, yes, yes, and tries not to flutter his hole in anticipation of Lan Zhan’s gorgeous fingers fucking him open. Judging by Lan Zhan’s sudden indrawn breath he’s not successful in hiding it, but he is successful in encouraging Lan Zhan to absolutely blow Wei Ying’s fucking mind.

“Tell me if you’d like to stop,” Lan Zhan says, voice raw with desire, and Wei Ying barely has time to parse his meaning before warm wetness laps at his hole.

Wei Ying practically fucking  ascends  right then and there. He  loves  being eaten out, could maybe even come from it (and isn’t that just Food for fucking Thought). But the last time was years ago and it had been mediocre at best. And with a five-year-old, hooking-up, let alone  dating, is needlessly complicated and hasn’t been a priority for Wei Ying for some time.

What Lan Zhan is doing to him? This is an  art-form. Lan Zhan is dedicated, creative, intuitive. He taunts and tantalises—never quite prepping him, more submerging him in sensation—continuously driving Wei Ying to some elusive brink before bringing him back. Just before Wei Ying gets used to his ministrations, he effortlessly swaps between broad strokes with the flat of his tongue to pointed swirls and diagonals with its tip. Now slow pulls, now fast flickers. When Lan Zhan dips in, flicking, teasing, and tugging, Wei Ying  keens: overwhelmed and practically undone.

It’s  heavenly. Wei Ying would be writhing if not for the steel grip Lan Zhan has on his cheeks, simultaneously spreading him wide and holding him in place. Wei Ying’s  drenched—Lan Zhan’s saliva sliding down the back of his balls and his cock weeping into the towel as he mindlessly tries to rut against it.

“Ah, hah, ngah.” He draws a ragged breath as he rocks against Lan Zhan’s face, who doesn’t falter for even a second, merely doubles down on his efforts to make Wei Ying come on his tongue. But, and he cannot stress this enough, as much as he definitely Wants That (please god let there be a next time), he’s desperate to feel all of those nine very nice inches inside him. “A-Zhan, Zhanzhan, please,” Wei Ying moans.

Lan Zhan worships his rim with a final lingering curl of his tongue before he pulls back.“Anything for my husband,” he says and promptly bites Wei Ying’s asscheek hard.

“Lan  Zhan!” Wei Ying squawks, indignant, because it  hurts, damn it!

(Like, Wei Ying definitely wants him to do it again but  still—)

Lan Zhan shuffles behind him and Wei Ying tries to do  something—turn back over or rub his dripping cock against the towel or—but Lan Zhan’s hands come back to his hips and hold him in place.

“Fuck, don’t you dare stop,” Wei Ying demands.

“Mn,” Lan Zhan hums, squeezing a cheek with one hand and digging his fingertips in to where that bite is definitely going to bruise, making Wei Ying’s head go a little fuzzy. Wei Ying distantly registers the snap of the lube cap and has enough brain cells to sigh  finally. It’s both very rude and a huge turn-on that he can practically hear Lan Zhan’s smirk when he says, “I do not intend to.”

And then he dribbles the lube directly onto Wei Ying’s hole and that’s.  Fuck. It’s  cold  and it’s  good, even more so when Lan Zhan circles his rim, teasing, before pushing a burning finger inside. He’s looser but not exactly prepped, and the drag against Wei Ying’s walls—once, twice, then a third with a twisting flourish—is  fantastic. And when Lan Zhan pulls out, a second finger is already there, catching on his rim.  Too much, too soon,  but  holy fuck,  he wants  more.

Lan Zhan’s fingers are positively sinful. Long, thick,  perfect. But Wei Ying wants his cock,  damn it, and he wants it  yesterday. If he can’t have Lan Zhan for the rest of his life then he wants to at least feel him for  days.

“Ok, ok, enough! Lan Zh—ngah!” Lan Zhan crooks his fingers—now an extremely tight-fitting three of them—and leans down to bite Wei Ying’s shoulder, and that’s it! Wei Ying refuses to wait any longer. “Oh my god, L-ah, Lan Zhan! I swear to—hnnng—you need to, hah, put your beautiful cock inside me right the fuck now or we are getting a divorce.”

Lan Zhan has the audacity to huff a laugh against his skin. But bless him, his not-quite-husband does as he requests. He easily flips Wei Ying onto his back, slicks himself up and pushes all the way in with one powerful thrust.

Wei Ying loses his  goddamn breath.

Lan Zhan grips Wei Ying’s thighs, draws them up to wrap around his hips, and shifts, and  oh, the  angle, the sweet pressure, the  heat. He alternates his thrusts, several hard but shallow drives in quick succession followed by a few slow and syrupy deep drags. The finger-shaped bruises he’s most definitely leaving on Wei Ying’s hips are so very welcome. Wei Ying’s body clings to Lan Zhan and he’d be more embarrassed by his little whimpers if they weren’t so effective in driving Lan Zhan wild.

He pulls Lan Zhan towards him for a filthy kiss and is so very grateful for all the yoga he does. Lan Zhan kisses him, kisses him,  kisses him. Wei Ying knows they’re both so close, they’ve both been on edge for so long, but he wants  this—this closeness, this  intimacy, this all-consuming sense of being simultaneously lost and found—to last an eternity.

Lan Zhan pulls back the barest inch, thighs pressed flush against Wei Ying’s ass, and slows to a deep and gentle rocking. Wei Ying takes his face in his hands and gazes into Lan Zhan’s eyes. Something very much like wonder shines in Lan Zhan’s expression as he gazes right back.

Wei Ying tucks a sweaty strand of hair behind Lan Zhan’s ear. He bites his lip. “This is real, isn’t it?”

You feel it too? It’s not just me? This depth, this tenderness, this blissful aching is blossoming in you too?

Lan Zhan smiles and, excluding Wei Ying’s perfect son, it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen in his life. He leans down further, still buried inside Wei Ying, and they both moan a little with the new angle. Their legs tangle together as they pull each other as close as possible. Their bodies slot together—like puzzle pieces, like notes on a rising scale, like the stars with the moon—like they were meant to be.

“Yes, Wei Ying.” Lan Zhan cups his jaw and kisses him long and slow. He rolls his hips and sends pleasure zinging the entire length of Wei Ying's spine. “This is real.”

The heat is still there but it is vast and simmering—an eternally burning star rather than an ephemeral flickering flame. They trade kisses and then the intensity blooms: rolling, vivid, luciferous. Lan Zhan’s thrusts meet his prostate every time and it’s dizzying and grounding all at once. When Wei Ying reaches down to take himself in hand, one of Lan Zhan’s hands wraps around his and they stroke together. They pant into each other’s mouths as the wave pulls them up and up until it crests. Wei Ying’s orgasm rushes through him, bright as the sun as he spills between their fingers and clenches down. Lan Zhan groans into his skin, shudders and stills.

Wei Ying takes a breath. He wipes his hand on the towel, wraps boneless arms around Lan Zhan, cradling his soft and heavy body close, and kisses his temple.

“I think a spring wedding, don’t you?” Wei Ying murmurs.

Lan Zhan breathes a laugh into his throat, tilts his head up and kisses Wei Ying’s cheek. “If Yuan'er agrees, then yes. Spring sounds wonderful.”

^ * ^

Bonus:

Mrs Ouyang drops A-Yuan off the next morning and teases Wei Ying mercilessly about his  just a ~guest~ A-Yi oh my god stop my son is right there!

Lan Zhan makes pancakes (yes, they’re bunny-shaped) and A-Yuan is  immediately won over. (Lan Zhan is extremely smug about this and carries an unseemly amount of pride about it to this day.)

The reason Wei Ying thinks Lan Zhan is kind of familiar is because he was Jin Zixuan’s best man and is in all of the wedding photos. Wei Ying wasn’t there (due to Yu Ziyuan and Jiang Fengmian shenanigans) and whenever he looks at the photos he’s usually only ever fawning over Jiang Yanli and making fun of Jiang Cheng, who had a drink spilled on him by one of the (very drunk but harmless) Jin cousins. Lan Zhan’s knowledge of Wei Ying was also something tangential and periphery, having heard of him through Jin Zixuan as one of the Neidi’s from hell but unfortunately a pretty great guy. Neither have been formally introduced at previous family gatherings due to both Lan Zhan and Wei Ying travelling a lot for their work (world-renowned musician and eco-architect with v cute son in tow no that’s non-negotiable and you will accomodate us thank you, respectively). Though both travel less now (Lan Zhan due to composing his next album and Wei Ying to stop being run-ragged with a hectic schedule), hence, finally, the meet-cute.

Wei Ying and Lan Zhan are in fact 100% U-Haul Lesbians and move in together after what is technically only their second date. Their first date (not including the night of Jin Zixuan’s birthday or the morning after, which, following pancakes, was spent in the park across the street being obscenely in-love) is to a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant run by Wei Ying’s dearest friends the Wen Siblings. Over the course of their dinner, Lan Zhan is the victim of two shovel talks. The standard, vaguely concerning one courtesy of Wen Qing (I’m a Doctor—I can kill you eight different ways just off the top of my head with any of the objects in this room and make every single one look like an accident) and the earnest, yet strangely somehow even more unsettling one from Wen Ning as he nonchalantly cracks his knuckles (You know what’s funny? Being underestimated).

(Not pictured are the the other three shovel talks Lan Zhan gets: one from each of the Jiang siblings and a heartfelt, if very awkward, one from Jin Zixuan. Jin Zixuan also gives one to Wei Ying, this time with Mianmian, as per their status as Lan Zhan's Best Friends. It is not as uncomfortable, because Mianmian is the best, but it is also more terrifying, because Mianmian is the best.)

Lan Zhan and Wei Ying do indeed get married in the spring. The Jiang siblings give Wei Ying away and A-Yuan is Lan Zhan’s  Best Bun. Nie Huaisang plans the entire thing: tasteful with just a hint of decadence. Wei Ying and Lan Zhan, with the very necessary helping hand of A-Yuan, both throw a bouquet because you ~have~ to Baba, Diedie, who doesn’t want sky-flowers! Lan Huan catches one and the other hits Nie Mingjue in the face. Everyone expects him to blow up about it—and there’s a very tense moment where the wedding party thinks Lan Zhan’s going to be widowed before they make it to the reception, and Lan Zhan is very much rallying to Fight to the Death to defend his husband—but then Nie Mingjue laughs and thumps Wei Ying on the back with such force he almost ends up with a face full of wedding cake and all is well.

Lan Zhan, Wei Ying and A-Yuan spend their days going to art galleries, cloud-watching, travelling, collecting a menagerie of stuffed toys, painting and repainting every foundation in their house, dancing to Della Reese in the living room, volunteering at the local animal sanctuary, and generally being the most obnoxiously loving family anyone has ever seen.