Bakugou liked the gym. There was something pure and satisfying about pushing himself until he was drenched in sweat and his muscles were screaming for him to stop. He had a thirst for hitting his limits and going beyond. He’d never been more satisfied with himself than when he broke a personal record and achieved more than he would have believed possible only a year before.

Bakugou liked the gym, but unfortunately for him, a lot of other people liked it, too.

When he walked in on Saturday afternoon, he immediately knew it was going to be a nightmare. He had to push through a cluster of people to scan his card at the front desk, and several more to even get inside the main area of the gym. Every single treadmill was occupied, so he unhappily settled for running a few laps around the indoor track, dodging several dawdling morons who insisted on getting in his way. When he descended to the lower level that housed the weight room, he hoped it would be less crowded than the rest of the building.

It wasn’t.

There were people everywhere, and Bakugou was more than a little irritated. He stomped up to the rack, grabbed a pair of dumbbells, and scuffed over to the nearest weight bench. There was a middle-aged man sitting there with one leg tucked under him and his attention glued to his phone. Bakugou glared at him with narrow ferocity, and the man must have felt the heat of it. He glanced up and flinched away from Bakugou’s fury.

“Are you actually using this bench,” said Bakugou through gritted teeth, “or just parking your ass here in my way?”

The man blinked up at him, startled, and stumbled over himself as he got to his feet. “Sorry, I was using it but then I needed to check my email and I didn’t-”

“Don’t care,” said Bakugou, dropping onto the bench. “Get out of my face.”

He looked like he was going to continue speaking, perhaps to apologize or protest, but Bakugou dropped his dumbbells and slapped his headphones over his ears. The mumbles were drowned out by the kick of the bass and the gritty howl of guitars. Bakugou picked his dumbbells up again and the man gave up and wandered away.

Bakugou still wasn’t pleased with the crowd, but at least he’d gotten a bubble of his own space. Any of the gym regulars knew to leave him alone, and even the newbies should be smart enough to stay away from him. He made an effort to appear unapproachable, and most of the time it worked.

That day turned out to be an exception.

He was about half an hour into his routine. He’d switched out his dumbbells for a heavier pair, and he was midway through a set of curls. His biceps burned, sweat beaded at his temples, and the rush of a good workout burned deliciously in his blood. He hefted the weight for his last curl, muscles straining, and let the dumbbell drop from his hand on the downward arc. It thumped to the floor, and though he felt the impact in the soles of his feet, he heard nothing. His music was so loud that he couldn’t even hear himself breathe.

He stretched his arms out to his sides, curled his fingers against the stiffness in his knuckles, and caught sight of a pair of shoes much too close to his weight bench. They were solid red, including the soles and the laces, and bright enough to make Bakugou’s eyes burn. He followed the line of knee-high socks, to loose-fitting shorts and a baggy t-shirt, to the face that beamed down at him with a too-wide smile. The guy’s hair was the same color as his shoes.

His mouth formed words that were lost in the heavy pulse of Bakugou’s music, and he thought about ignoring the stranger and jumping into his next set. Instead, and against his better judgment, he pulled his headphones down and let them hang around his neck. “What?”

If possible, the guy brightened even more. “Hey! Sorry, I thought you could hear me. I asked if you could maybe help me out for a minute?”

Bakugou just stared at him. Maybe he’d finally listened to music too loud for too long and his hearing was failing him, because surely this guy wasn’t asking him for help.

“Oh,” said the stranger, as if just remembering. “I’m Kirishima Eijirou. Nice to meet you!”

He was clearly waiting for Bakugou to return the introduction, but he just said, “What do you want?”

Kirishima was undeterred. “I have a bench set up over there,” he said, hitching a thumb over his shoulder, “but none of my friends came with me today and the gym rules say you should have someone to spot you during presses.”

“So?”

“So, uh… could you spot me?” said Kirishima. He teetered his weight from foot to foot. “Just for a few sets?”

Bakugou glanced around. There were at least thirty other people nearby. He didn’t know why this guy had bothered asking him. “No. Fuck off.” He slapped his headphones over his ears again, the sounds of the gym immediately washed out. He hefted one of his dumbbells, braced himself to start another set of curls, and noticed the eyesore that was Kirishima’s shoes still in his peripheral vision. He tilted his head up to find Kirishima frowning down at him. His mouth moved and Bakugou couldn’t pick out a single word.

He huffed and dropped the dumbbell, tearing his headphones off with a little too much force. “What?”

“Will you please spot me?” asked Kirishima, blinking at him with wide eyes.

“I said no. Ask someone else.”

“You look really strong though,” said Kirishima. “I want someone who’s not going to accidentally drop a bar on my face, and you obviously know what you’re doing.”

Bakugou scowled up at him. “You’re just saying nice shit to try and convince me.”

Kirishima grinned. “Is it working?”

“Fuck you.” Bakugou scanned the room again. There were several regulars there who clearly stuck to a healthy fitness routine. He didn’t understand why Kirishima had chosen him to harass instead of someone else.

He did know that Kirishima looked like he wasn’t going to give up easily, even if Bakugou continued to refuse.

“Fine,” snapped Bakugou. He grabbed his dumbbells as he stood and planted them on top of his bench to hold his spot. Someone might come along and move them, and if they did, someone might get their face punched in. “Make it quick.”

Kirishima’s smile was radiant. “It won’t take long, I promise! Thanks, uh… what’s your name?”

Bakugou adjusted the headphones around his neck and glared off to the side. “Bakugou.”

“Thanks, Bakugou!” said Kirishima brightly. He started off across the gym and Bakugou grudgingly followed.

Kirishima had already loaded up a barbell. He hopped onto the bench and laid back, stretching his arms overhead as he waited for Bakugou to take up his position. Bakugou eyed the weights clipped on each end of the barbell and stopped.

“Do you know how much weight you have on this?” he said.

“Yeah, I know,” said Kirishima. “This is just for a warmup. I’ll add more after a few reps.”

Bakugou looked from the weights to Kirishima and back again, wondering if he’d miscalculated.

That was a lot of weight for a warmup.

No wonder Kirishima needed a spotter. He clearly had no idea what he was doing. He was about to drop the barbell and make a complete idiot out of himself.

If he was that stupid, then it wasn’t Bakugou’s duty to talk him out of it. Maybe he’d get a good laugh out of this.

He stepped up at the head of the bench, hands hovering just below the bar as Kirishima got a good grip.

Kirishima set his jaw and hefted the bar, and Bakugou smirked, waiting for him to drop it.

Instead, Kirishima pressed the barbell as if it was weightless.

It was a good thing he didn’t fumble it on the second or third rep, because Bakugou wouldn’t have been able to catch it through his shock.

He could have pressed that much weight, but not without effort. Kirishima wasn’t even straining. When he put the bar back on the hooks, Bakugou blankly helping him guide it into place, Kirishima sat up with a grin. “Awesome! I’m going to go grab more weight. I’ll make it quick.” He hopped up and darted off, and Bakugou was left staring blankly after him.

This must have been a joke. There was no way that this freak was that strong.

Bakugou stepped to the side and slid off one of the 20 kilogram plates. He weighed it in his hand, expecting it to be misleadingly light.

It was definitely 20 kilograms.

By the time Kirishima returned, another pair of heavy plates in his arms, Bakugou still hadn’t figured out what was happening.

“Here,” said Kirishima, pushing one of them toward him. “Put that on for me, will ya?"

“Do it yourself,” grumbled Bakugou.

“C’mon, Bakugou, don’t be a grouch,” said Kirishima. He shoved the plate into Bakugou’s hands. “Thanks, man.”

Bakugou glared down at the plate and then at Kirishima. He considered dropping it and stalking away to return to his own workout. He wasn’t achieving anything by helping out a stranger.

Still, he slid the plate onto the barbell and clipped it into place. The new weight added an extra sixty kilograms to the bar, and Bakugou thought that even if Kirishima had managed to press it before, there was no way he could do it now. Bakugou wasn’t certain that even he could lift it.

Yet when Kirishima laid down and unhooked the bar with a steady huff, he pumped out fifteen reps without struggle or hesitation.

“You’re fucking kidding me,” said Bakugou, when Kirishima declared he was going to fetch more weight.

“What do you mean?” said Kirishima, tilting his head.

“You can’t – There’s no way you’re going to – You fucking –” He paused, wrangling his scattered protests, and said, “How much can you fucking press?”

Kirishima seemed taken aback by the question. He blinked, and slowly smiled. “Are you impressed? You sound like you’re impressed.”

“Of course I’m not. Don’t be stupid.”

“I work out a lot,” said Kirishima with a shrug. “I want to be tough, you know?”

“I’ve never seen you here,” blurted Bakugou, before he could think it through.

“I used to go to a different gym,” said Kirishima. “I just moved to this side of the city .”

Bakugou couldn’t think of anything to say to that, so he simply scowled.

“I’m going to grab those plates,” said Kirishima, gesturing across the room. “Be right back!”

He trotted off toward the rack, and Bakugou tried to pin down what it was about Kirishima that made him furious.

It was probably Kirishima’s ability to outlift him, which Bakugou still hadn’t come to terms with. It wasn’t fair that someone like that was stronger than someone like Bakugou.

Still, he couldn’t help but be a little impressed, as Kirishima had said. It took some serious strength to bench press that much weight.

Bakugou had been training for a solid year and hadn’t reached that point yet.

That could have been the source of his anger, but it didn’t feel quite right. He still hadn’t worked it out by the time Kirishima came back and pushed another plate at him. This time Bakugou took it without argument.

It was about fifteen minutes later when Kirishima decided he was finished and relieved Bakugou of his spotting duties. He hadn’t been needed at all. Even on Kirishima’s final set, his arms hadn’t wavered.

That was good, because Bakugou wasn’t certain that he could’ve kept a bar that heavy from falling, anyway.

“Thanks for the help, man!” said Kirishima, wiping his forehead with the back of his arm. At least he was sweating a little now, so it had taken some effort for him to lift that much.

“Whatever,” said Bakugou. “Don’t ask me again.”

“I’ll see you around!”

Bakugou stomped away without responding. He approached his bench only to find that someone had set aside his dumbbells and claimed it as their own.

Bakugou’s teeth flashed in a fierce grin. At least he’d found an outlet for his strange frustration.

Someone was about to regret showing up at the gym today.

About half an hour later, when Bakugou had nearly reduced a stranger to tears and had successfully finished his workout, he headed upstairs to the showers. They were crowded too, as expected, but he found an empty stall to step into. The water was lukewarm, but at least it wasn’t freezing like it had been on an exceptionally cold day the month before. It was bearable, and he ducked his head under the spray. Someone was humming, low and melodic, directly to his left. It drifted through the flimsy curtain that separated them, but instead of being annoyed, Bakugou was almost relaxed by it. The voice wasn’t horrible. It was kind of nice, in a way.

The humming stopped when the stranger finished his shower, and Bakugou was only a minute behind him. He scrubbed at his hair with a towel before wrapping it around his hips and returning to the locker room. He’d stowed his bag in one of the rearmost lockers and he paced toward it, dodging men in varying states of undress who had stopped to socialize. He didn’t pay much attention to any of them until he turned the corner to the appropriate row of lockers. There was only one man standing between Bakugou and his locker, and instead of stepping around him or pushing him out of the way, Bakugou came to a dead stop.

When he’d watched Kirishima press an unfathomable amount of weight, he’d been confused.

Without those baggy clothes, it made sense.

A towel identical to Bakugou’s was slung low on Kirishima’s hips. His shoulders were broad, his chest was solid, and muscles rippled down his back and his stomach. He raised his arms overhead in a stretch and Bakugou couldn’t look away from the way his muscles bunched with the motion.

Kirishima dropped his arms with a huff and tossed his head to the side, throwing hair away from his face. He caught sight of Bakugou from the corner of his eye and smiled. “Hey! What’s up, man?”

Bakugou blinked, taken aback. He mentally shook himself and pulled his usual scowl into place. “You’re in my way. Move.”

Kirishima’s smile didn’t waver. If anything, it curved a little higher. He stepped back and allowed Bakugou to pass by.

“Thanks for the help today, Bakugou,” he said, lightly slapping Bakugou’s shoulder. “I owe you one.”

“Don’t touch me,” mumbled Bakugou, though the words lacked heat. He averted his eyes and yanked open his locker without looking in Kirishima’s direction.

He had the sneaking suspicion that Kirishima was still grinning, but he didn’t let himself check. His face was a little warm and he pointedly did not think about it.

Bakugou seized his bag from the locker and dug out his clothes, turning his back on Kirishima to get dressed. He hoped that by the time he was finished the idiot would already be gone. Bakugou didn’t want to talk to him again. He didn’t want to look at him again.

Unfortunately, when he zipped up his bag and turned to leave, Kirishima was still standing in the exact same spot. At least now he was mostly dressed. Kirishima raised his arms to pull his shirt over his head, and Bakugou couldn’t help the way his eyes dipped down to watch his abs tighten.

When he glanced back up he found Kirishima watching him with that maddening grin on his face.

Bakugou scowled and stomped past, but Kirishima snagged the strap of his bag and tugged him back.

“Hey, wait,” he said, not bending in the face of Bakugou’s glare. “You doing anything after this?”

“What?” said Bakugou.

“After this,” repeated Kirishima, gesturing vaguely. He pushed damp hair away from his face. “Do you have any plans?”

“The fuck does it matter?”

“Because if you don’t,” said Kirishima, “I thought you might want to come home with me.”

Shock banished the scowl from Bakugou’s face. He stared at Kirishima blankly, wondering exactly what was happening. It couldn’t be what he thought it was, because no stranger was stupid enough to invite someone back to their place when they’d only met them twenty minutes ago. They especially wouldn’t extend that invitation to someone like Bakugou. He had no disillusions about his bad attitude. He wasn’t a pleasant person to be around, and he had learned to embrace that part of his personality.

Something about this didn’t make sense.

“What?” said Bakugou after a few seconds had ticked by. It was the only word he could scrape together.

“You heard me,” said Kirishima brightly. “It’s only a few blocks away. Want to?”

“Why?”

Kirishima raised a brow. Bakugou distantly noticed there was a scar just above his eye.

“I can’t think of many reasons I would invite you over,” said Kirishima. His smile morphed into something teasing, more of a smirk. “I saw the way you were looking at me.”

“I was fucking not.”

“Okay, sure,” said Kirishima, unbothered. “If you don’t want to then just say so.”

Bakugou opened his mouth to do just that, but he couldn’t quite get the words out. Of course he didn’t want to go home with Kirishima. Kirishima was weird. He was too happy and too friendly, and it was unfair for anyone to be that strong and that attractive at the same time.

Kirishima pushed at his hair again, and Bakugou glanced at the lean line of his forearm, up to the sturdy swell of his bicep. He realized too late that Kirishima was still watching him.

Fuck.

Bakugou turned away from Kirishima and stomped past the row of lockers. He paused just at the end and scowled back over his shoulder at Kirishima, who hadn’t moved. “You just going to stand there all day? Let’s fucking go.”

Kirishima’s grin was bright yet smug as he grabbed his bag and hustled to catch up.

Kirishima was a talker. He ran his mouth during the entire walk, blathering on about the weather, the clouds, and the tiny bird’s nest he spied in a row of nearby bushes. He was enthusiastic about everything, and though it was absolutely exhausting, Bakugou couldn’t say he hated it. He wasn’t nearly annoyed as he should have been, and he didn’t understand why. It wasn’t just Kirishima’s appearance. Bakugou had been irritated into murderous musings by men more attractive than Kirishima. There was just something about him, something that Bakugou couldn’t pin down or define.

“This is it!” chirped Kirishima, when they’d reached a classy tower of apartment buildings fifteen minutes later. He grabbed Bakugou’s sleeve and tugged him toward the door.

Bakugou should have yanked his arm away, but he didn’t.

He let Kirishima lead him to the elevator, still chattering on about the deal he’d gotten on his apartment and how difficult it had been to move his couch up to the twelfth floor. He usually took the stairs instead of the elevator for a bit of an extra workout, and Bakugou considered telling him that he didn’t need it.

Instead he kept his mouth shut until the doors slid open and Kirishima led the way to the end of the hall. Kirishima hummed under his breath as he unlocked the door. It should have been irritating, but Bakugou couldn’t help thinking to himself that Kirishima’s voice wasn’t that horrible.

He belatedly realized that it had been Kirishima humming in the shower stall next to him. A few seconds after that epiphany, he became aware of just how close Kirishima had been to him while he was nude and dripping wet. If that curtain hadn’t been in the way, they could have reached out and touched one another.

Just like Kirishima reached out and touched him when he didn’t immediately move into the apartment.

“Come on in,” said Kirishima, tugging on his sleeve. “Make yourself at home.”

“You shouldn’t invite strangers over,” said Bakugou as he stepped inside. “You’ll get your ass robbed.”

“I’m not worried about it,” shrugged Kirishima. “I’ve only ever invited you over, and you’re not really a stranger. We’re friends now, right?”

Bakugou narrowed his eyes, trying to decide if Kirishima was serious. They’d known each other for an hour. He didn’t know what Kirishima’s definition of friendship was, but it seemed he and Bakugou had different ideas on the subject.

Still, Bakugou didn’t correct him.

He dropped his bag by the door and kicked off his shoes, scanning the apartment as Kirishima did the same.

“You want anything?” asked Kirishima, gesturing toward the kitchen. “I don’t have the place stocked up yet but I have some leftover takeout from yesterday.”

“No,” said Bakugou. His eyes skated to Kirishima, who pushed a handful of red hair out of his face. “I don’t want anything.”

“You sure?” Kirishima grinned at him. His teeth were sharp; sharper than they should have been. Bakugou’s stomach lurched, and it wasn’t unpleasant. “Nothing at all?”

Bakugou considered him, the teasing smirk and the gleam in his eyes. He said, “I don’t want anything from your kitchen.”

Kirishima’s grin widened. “Come on, then,” he said, leading the way to the door across the room. “Let’s see if there’s anything in the bedroom you might want.” He paused just inside the doorway and gripped the hem of his shirt, pulling it over his head in one quick sweep.

Heat flashed in Bakugou’s veins, scalding his chest and settling low in his gut. He followed Kirishima with purpose, his pulse kicking with the thrill of expectation.

Kirishima was waiting with that same infuriating grin. He looked like he was going to say something, and it probably would have been coy and teasing, but Bakugou didn’t give him the chance. He seized Kirishima by the shoulders and shoved him against the wall, pinning him in place with strong hands and a fierce stare.

Kirishima wasn’t bothered. He pressed his hands against Bakugou’s chest and curled them into fists, gripping his shirt and pulling him an inch closer.

Bakugou planted his palms against the wall, scowling. “If you want me to stop,” said Bakugou through his teeth, “say something.”

Kirishima flashed his impressive array of teeth. “I was going to say the same thing.”

That smile was vexing. Bakugou wanted to punch it off his face.

Instead he grabbed a handful of red hair and kissed it away.

Kirishima reciprocated instantly. His hands tightened in Bakugou’s shirt and his mouth was demanding, moving against Bakugou’s with firm insistence. He wasn’t passive or plaint, and Bakugou didn’t know why he’d expected any differently. Kirishima was strong, and that was reflected in the way he kissed.

Bakugou’s pulse kicked up a little faster.

Kirishima nipped at Bakugou’s lip, the prick of sharp teeth stinging, and Bakugou sucked in a breath. Kirishima licked into his mouth, branding himself across Bakugou’s tongue.

Kirishima pushed against him, and though Bakugou didn’t willingly move, he found himself walking backward all the same. As loathe as Bakugou was to admit it, Kirishima was stronger than him. It was apparent in the shift of his muscles as he gripped Bakugou’s hips and maneuvered him toward the bed.

“Stop pushing me around,” said Bakugou, though he didn’t try to resist.

“Okay,” said Kirishima. He took two more steps and the backs of Bakugou’s legs bumped against the bed. “I’m done. Wanna sit down?”

“Why?”

Kirishima’s grin returned. He tucked his thumbs into the band of Bakugou’s sweatpants and tugged, gently. “Why do you think?” He licked his lips and Bakugou couldn’t stop himself from staring.

“If you bite me I’ll fucking kill you.”

Kirishima snorted. He didn’t seem worried. “Sure. Trust me.”

“I just met you.”

“You said we’re friends, though,” said Kirishima. He pressed a kiss at the corner of Bakugou’s mouth. “Friends trust each other.”

“You do this with all your friends?”

“Nah,” said Kirishima. “Just the sexy ones I meet at the gym.” He tugged at Bakugou’s sweatpants, and when he wasn’t reprimanded, he pulled them all the way down. They caught around Bakugou’s ankles, and before he had time to kick them off, Kirishima had aimed a well-placed push in the middle of his chest and sent him sprawling onto the edge of the bed.

“Hey,” snapped Bakugou. “I said stop pushing me around.”

“Oops,” said Kirishima, his smile turning smug. “That one was an accident.”

Bakugou started to snap back at him, but the words fractured on his tongue as Kirishima dropped to his knees. He slipped his fingers behind Bakugou’s calves, smoothing his hands up over his knees and thighs, stopping only when he reached the edge of Bakugou’s boxer briefs. He squeezed Bakugou’s thighs and looked up at him with a tilt of his head. A flutter of hair fell to cover one side of his face. Bakugou dug his hands into the edge of the bed to stop himself from brushing it aside.

“Can I?” asked Kirishima, his hands inching up just a little higher. “I’m good at it, I swear.”

His eyes were bright and eager. He licked his lips again and Bakugou’s stomach swooped. He imagined the sight of Kirishima staring up at him with a mouth full of cock, and quickly pushed the thought out of his head.

He didn’t need to imagine it. He was about to see it firsthand.

“Fine,” said Bakugou through gritted teeth.

Kirishima beamed up at him. He tugged at Bakugou’s underwear, and Bakugou obligingly raised his hips so he could be stripped. Kirishima pushed the boxers down to join the tangle of clothing around Bakugou’s ankles and smoothed his hands higher, thumbs brushing at his hipbones. He leaned forward and exhaled a hot breath over the tip of Bakugou’s cock. It twitched with interest, and Bakugou hated himself for it.

Kirishima rubbed the side of his face against Bakugou’s thigh and inhaled. “You smell good, man. What kind of soap do you use?”

“Shut up.”

Kirishima grinned. He licked at Bakugou’s cock and it hardened under his tongue. He wrapped his mouth around the tip and sucked his way down, his lips tucked safely over his teeth, tongue laving at the underside.

Bakugou leaned back on his hands and closed his eyes, jaw clenching as Kirishima bobbed lower, taking him so deeply that he nudged at the back of his throat. “Fuck,” hissed Bakugou, gripping double handfuls of the sheets.

Kirishima gave a few shallow bobs of his head before pulling off. He yanked at the sweatpants gathered around Bakugou’s ankles, pulling one of his feet free. He pushed Bakugou’s knees apart and shuffled closer, and this time when he wrapped his lips around Bakugou’s cock, he took it all the way down in one smooth slide.

A growl rumbled in Bakugou’s throat as his hips bucked off of the bed. Kirishima’s steel grip held him in place, and he grabbed a handful of Kirishima’s hair, his fingers curling tightly.

Kirishima didn’t seem to mind. His cheeks hollowed out as he sucked, a wet sound sliding between his lips and making Bakugou’s cock twitch in his mouth. One of Kirishima’s hands slipped beneath Bakugou’s shirt, feeling up his stomach and stroking over a nipple.

Bakugou twitched and tightened his grip in Kirishima’s hair. His other hand stayed buried in the sheets, hooked into a claw, until Kirishima pulled off and yanked at his shirt. Bakugou pulled it over his head and tossed it aside, unconcerned with where it landed.

“Lay back,” said Kirishima, patting Bakugou’s thigh as he stood. “I’ll grab the lube.”

Kirishima stepped over to the end table to rifle through the contents, his sweatpants riding low on his hips. Bakugou stared at him, confused.

He didn’t understand why Kirishima would tell him to lay down, not unless Kirishima was planning to put on a show. There would be no other reason for it. It would be more effective for Kirishima to be the one to lie down while Bakugou…

Wait.

“You want to top?” asked Bakugou with an utter lack of tact.

Kirishima glanced over his shoulder. His eyebrows were probably raised, but it was difficult to tell through the fall of his hair. “Uh, yeah?”

Bakugou opened his mouth to protest, but couldn’t find the proper words. It was such a ridiculous suggestion that he didn’t even know what to say. Bakugou was not passive and subordinate, and it was almost offensive that Kirishima assumed he was.

Kirishima turned back, tossed a handful of items onto the bed, and shoved his pants down.

Bakugou’s eyes dipped down and stayed there, soaking in the chiseled thighs and the hard, curved cock in a nest of dark, trimmed hair.

Kirishima stepped closer, standing between Bakugou’s knees. He splayed a hand on Bakugou’s chest, the base of his palm rubbing against a nipple. “What?”

“I don’t… You can’t… Fuck you,” sputtered Bakugou, trying and failing to pose his argument.

Kirishima grinned and hunched over, his breath warm on Bakugou’s lips. “Lay back.”

“No,” snapped Bakugou. He turned his head to escape the swimming sensation he felt every time he held Kirishima’s gaze. “You lay back. I’m fucking you.”

“Sorry, man,” said Kirishima. “You’re at my place. That means I get to top.”

“What?”

“I don’t make the rules.” Kirishima shrugged. “Maybe next time you can invite me over to your place and we’ll switch. I’ve got no problem with it.”

Bakugou gawked at him. Kirishima must have made that up. Bakugou had never heard that in his life. It was absurd.

“Why’re you looking at me like that?” asked Kirishima. He perched on the edge of the bed to straddle Bakugou, his knees pressing against the outsides of Bakugou’s thighs. He planted his hands on Bakugou’s shoulders and pushed him back, stretching over him, their cocks rubbing together between them. “You don’t want to?”

Bakugou took a breath and tried to piece his thoughts together. It was hard to focus with warm breath in his ear and a body of shifting muscles on top of him. Kirishima rolled his hips down and suddenly Bakugou wasn’t sure if he even remembered how to speak.

“We don’t have to,” said Kirishima. He snaked a hand between them and wrapped it loosely around Bakugou’s cock, pumping it slowly. The friction was dry, but still intoxicating. “Just say so.”

Bakugou should have done just that. He should have told Kirishima to move. He should’ve told him that if he wasn’t the one on top, he wasn’t sticking around. He should have been assertive, just like he always was, just like he’d always been.

Sure, he’d bottomed before, but it hadn’t been with someone he’d only known for an hour. This was stupid.

Kirishima ran his knuckles down the underside of Bakugou’s cock, nudging at his balls, and Bakugou’s breath caught.

Maybe he could make an exception this one time.

“Fine,” he said, the word sliding through his teeth. It didn’t sound venomous enough so he tried again. “Fine. But you’re not going to fucking tell anyone about this.”

“Sure,” murmured Kirishima, his lips brushing against Bakugou’s ear. “Whatever you say.” He pushed himself up on his elbows and frowned. “Hey, what’s your given name? You didn’t tell me.”

Bakugou almost refused on general principle, but he supposed it wouldn’t hurt to share his name with the man who was only a few minutes away from fucking him. “Katsuki.”

Kirishima considered that. A slow smile spread over his face and he dipped his head to whisper into Bakugou’s ear again. “Whatever you say, Katsuki.”

Bakugou clenched his jaw but couldn’t quite suppress the shiver that rolled down his spine. Kirishima smiled, smug, as if he’d noticed. He started to move away but paused, still straddling Bakugou, a crease appearing between his brows.

“Hey, you know I was just joking, right?” said Kirishima, suddenly serious. “I’m not a jerk. If you really don’t want to do it this way just say so and we can-”

“Shut up,” growled Bakugou, cutting him off, “and get on with it.”

Kirishima’s smile returned. “I’ll make it good,” he promised. He leaned away to grab the lube and draped himself back over Bakugou, grinning down at him. “Trust me?”

“Like I have a choice,” muttered Bakugou, looking away from him with a huff.

His bad attitude didn’t affect Kirishima’s mood. “Of course you have a choice,” said Kirishima brightly. He sat up to drip lube over his fingers. “You can leave anytime you want. I won’t stop you.”

“As if you could stop me,” said Bakugou, although he wasn’t so sure about that. If Kirishima wanted to physically restrain him, he was probably capable of doing so.

He wouldn’t, though. Bakugou had only known him for an hour, yet he was still certain of that. Kirishima’s character had become clear within the first ten minutes of their acquaintance. He was genuinely a good person. No one could fake it that convincingly.

Bakugou had no idea why Kirishima was interested in him, of all people.

He wasn’t exactly in a position to complain.

Kirishima pressed his lips against the side of Bakugou’s neck. He was gentle at first, but as he descended toward Bakugou’s collarbones, a slide of teeth pricked at his skin. He wanted to gripe about the sting, but was afraid if he opened his mouth he would moan instead.

Kirishima’s fingers slipped between his legs, teasing at him, and Bakugou again seized double handfuls of the bedsheets. Kirishima mouthed down Bakugou’s collarbone, paused to flick his tongue against a nipple, and descended on his cock. He took it into his mouth as he pressed a finger inside Bakugou.

Kirishima went slowly, and it was difficult for Bakugou to even notice the discomfort of the intrusion when Kirishima was lathering attention on his cock. Kirishima hadn’t lied when he’d said he was good at this.

When three of Kirishima’s long, capable fingers had slipped past Bakugou’s resistance and stretched him out, he pulled off of Bakugou’s cock with a wet pop. His lips were red and a string of saliva dripped from the corner of his mouth. Bakugou pushed up on his elbows to stare at him through half-hooded eyes.

“Think you’re good?” asked Kirishima, flicking his tongue against Bakugou’s tip in a way that made him shudder. “I can keep going.”

Bakugou shook his head. “It’s fine,” he said. His voice was raspier than he would’ve liked. He cleared his throat, but it didn’t help. “If you’re going to do it then do it.”

“Only if you want me to,” said Kirishima. He dropped a kiss on Bakugou’s hipbone. “Do you want me to?”

“Didn’t I just say that?”

“Not exactly,” said Kirishima. He nudged his fingers deeper. “All I heard was your griping.”

“Fuck you.”

Kirishima grinned up at him, unbothered.

Bakugou sucked in a breath through his gritted teeth. His pride and his lust were at war, and it was a veritable deathmatch.

Kirishima curled his fingers, just barely, and lust triumphed.

“I want you to,” growled Bakugou, hating himself for giving in even as he said it. “Just shut up and do it.”

“Okay then,” said Kirishima brightly. He slid out his fingers and Bakugou felt hollow. Kirishima crawled away to grab a condom, and only returned when he’d torn it open and rolled it on. He shuffled back to Bakugou and said, “How do you want to do this?”

“I don’t care.”

“I don’t believe that,” said Kirishima. “You seem to have very strong opinions about everything.”

That was so accurate that it was irritating.

“Fine,” said Bakugou. He’d said that frequently over the past hour, which meant he was giving into Kirishima much more than he should have. It was a disgrace. He wasn’t going to be able to face himself after this.

He rolled over onto his stomach and suspended his weight on his elbows. He kept his hips flat against the mattress, because he wasn’t about to get on his knees for Kirishima or anyone else.

Kirishima climbed over him, his knees braced on either side of Bakugou’s hips. “Do you actually like it this way,” he said, “or are you just too embarrassed to look at me while I fuck you?”

“If you say one more fucking word I’m leaving,” said Bakugou.

Kirishima breathed a huff of air that sounded suspiciously like a laugh. He propped himself up with one hand and used the other to guide himself into Bakugou, who gritted his teeth as Kirishima sank into him. He went slowly, and Bakugou had conflicting feelings about that. It was considerate because Bakugou obviously hadn’t bottomed in a long while, but also demeaning because maybe Kirishima thought he couldn’t handle anything less gentle.

Bakugou started to snap something at him, but before he got the words out Kirishima pulled back and thrust into him with more force, his hips snapping forward hard enough to draw a startled yelp out of him.

“Too much?” asked Kirishima, easing back.

“No,” said Bakugou, rocking into him. “Don’t go easy.”

“Like it rough, huh?” said Kirishima. Bakugou couldn’t see his smile, but he heard the smugness of it in his voice. “I could’ve guessed that.”

“Shut up, fucking… fuck!”

Kirishima slammed into him and Bakugou was driven closer to the edge of the bed, the breath crushed from his lungs. He sucked in a breath just before Kirishima rammed into him again, and again, building into a brutal rhythm that left Bakugou breathless. He didn’t have enough breath to complain, but he wouldn’t have, anyway. If he was going through the trouble of getting fucked then he wanted to get fucked properly, and Kirishima was doing a thorough job of it.

He’d listened to Bakugou’s command about not going easy. His thrusts were quick and strong, sparking flashes of pleasure that heated Bakugou from the inside out. He rutted back, seeking more, and Kirishima gripped Bakugou’s hips hard enough to sting. He yanked him up onto his knees and held him there, thrusting at an angle that sent a spiral of sensation washing through Bakugou’s limbs. He forgot about his disdain for being on his knees. He forgot about mostly everything, except for the heat of Kirishima pounding into him.

Bakugou levered himself onto his hands and rocked back in time with Kirishima’s thrusts, coaxing him deeper, coils of pleasure tightening around his limbs every time Kirishima slammed into him in just the right way.

Bakugou hated to admit it, but damn it was good.

Kirishima peeled a hand away from Bakugou’s hip and curled his fingers around his neglected cock. He stroked it a few times and Bakugou felt himself going stiff, teetering on the edge of an orgasm.

He bit his lip and denied himself the pleasure. He could wait. Kirishima would come first. Bakugou would outlast him.

Kirishima pumped him more quickly, the slide eased by the lube lingering between his fingers. He folded himself over Bakugou – still thrusting, still stroking his cock – and said, “You take it so good, man.”

Heat flooded Bakugou’s face. He was suddenly glad Kirishima couldn’t see him. “Shut the fuck up.” The words were so garbled by his gritted teeth that it would have been a miracle if Kirishima had understood them.

He seemed to get the gist of the statement, whether he’d deciphered the exact words or not.

“Don’t be that way,” said Kirishima, his voice smooth yet edged with breathlessness. “There’s no shame in getting fucked. I’d let you fuck me anytime, Katsuki.” He punctuated the sentence with a sharp bite to Bakugou’s shoulder.

Despite his resolve that he was not coming first, Bakugou’s orgasm hit him like a speeding truck. It knocked the breath out of him, his existence reduced to an overwhelming wave of pleasure. Distantly he was aware that Kirishima was still fucking him, that his thrusts had become stuttered and inconsistent, but he couldn’t focus on that. He thought only of the hand, slippery with Bakugou’s come, that worked him through his orgasm and fell away when he was spent.

Bakugou slumped onto his side, avoiding the mess he’d sprayed across the bed. He wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and stared up at Kirishima, who’d sat back on his heels to catch his breath.

Kirishima tossed the hair out of his face and grinned. “See? That wasn’t awful, right? You sounded like you were enjoying yourself.”

Bakugou didn’t remember making any sounds, but he hadn’t exactly been in complete control of himself. He stifled his own embarrassment and said, “It was okay, I guess. I’ve had better.”

Kirishima’s grin didn’t falter. Either he was mentally unhinged or he knew Bakugou was lying.

“Oh well,” said Kirishima. He peeled off the condom, the inside sticky with come, and leaned off the edge of the bed to discard it. He flopped down beside Bakugou and pillowed his head on his arms. “I’ll try harder next time.”

“Next time,” scoffed Bakugou. “Who says there’s going to be a next time?”

“Are you saying you don’t want to do this again?” said Kirishima.

Bakugou scowled at him. He wanted to argue for the sake of arguing. That was his first reaction to most things, such a frequent response that it was basically instinct.

But if he said he didn’t want to hook up with Kirishima again, it would be a blatant lie.

Instead of responding, he grabbed a handful of sheet and used it to wipe himself off. He rolled to the edge of the bed and swung his legs over, reaching with his toes to drag his clothes closer.

“You don’t have to leave,” said Kirishima, rolling onto his side to watch Bakugou dress. “We can order takeout.”

“Have to work tonight,” said Bakugou, pulling his shirt over his head.

“Oh,” said Kirishima. He was still smiling, but beneath it Bakugou couldn’t help but think he was a touch disappointed. “Okay then.”

Bakugou hiked up his sweatpants and started toward the door. “I’ll lock the door when I leave.”

Kirishima didn’t speak until he was nearly out of the room. “Hey, Bakugou?”

Bakugou paused in the doorway and looked over his shoulder.

“You should give me your number,” said Kirishima. “I’ll text you tomorrow and we can meet up at the gym, and maybe go to your place after.”

Bakugou stared at him so long that Kirishima fidgeted.

Bakugou imagined the sort of torment he would suffer if Kirishima had his phone number. He seemed like a frequent texter, someone who would send Bakugou message after message of idle, useless information.

“You don’t have to,” said Kirishima. “Don’t worry about it. I don’t want to bother you or-”

“Fine,” said Bakugou. “I’ll give you my number.”

Kirishima leaned over the bed to drag his pants closer, nearly tumbling off the edge as he reached. He fished his phone out of the pocket and eagerly tapped in the numbers that Bakugou rattled off to him.

“Thanks!” said Kirishima, beaming at him. “I’ll text you soon, okay?”

“Sure, whatever,” mumbled Bakugou, making another attempt to leave. This time Kirishima didn’t stop him.

Bakugou twisted the lock before he stepped out, as he’d promised, and pulled the door shut tightly behind him. He rode the elevator to the ground floor, stepped out onto the sidewalk, and received a text message.

Of course it was from Kirishima.

Bakugou should have been annoyed, but found that he didn’t mind.

hey! wanna meet up at the gym same time tomorrow?

He had a sneaking suspicion that he would be receiving a wealth of texts from Kirishima in the near future.

As Bakugou crossed the street, he realized, to his horror, that he was smiling.

He wiped it off of his face, replacing it with his usual scowl. He waited until he was two blocks away before he typed back a response, pressing send before he could come to his senses and change his mind.

Yeah. I’ll meet you there.