It had taken Vanitas well over an hour to peel Noé away from every shop front on the way to their destination. While this was something he'd come to expect, today they were in a particularly flashy area of Paris, guided by some of Dante's intel and investigating on their own. Whether a recent spat of deaths and accidents at the establishment had anything to do with curse bearers would be for the pair to determine, but there was a slight problem with getting in to find out.

“Is...is this a burlesque theater?” Noé wondered, sounding half way between scandalized and excited.

“What’s wrong, you’ve never been to a place like this?” Vanitas grinned, skating off alongside the building instead of trying to get in through the front.

“You know I haven’t…” Noé reminded him, hurrying along behind the human, casting a furtive glance over his shoulder to see if anyone had spotted them.

“Figured you would have seen worse with how close you and the De Sade woman are,” Vanitas lifted an eyebrow at the other man, who’d finally caught up. Noé made a face, prepared to launch into yet another defense of Domi, but it appeared that Vanitas had found his entrance into the building, immediately redirecting both their attentions. Why Vanitas made it a point of antagonizing him about Domi at every turn he couldn’t understand.

“Perfect!” Vanitas exclaimed, just before kicking in a basement window that had been obscured by planks of wood until just seconds before. Noé watched from a distance, an expression of defeated exasperation painting his features.

“Could have found a back door probably, but no, you go and commit property damage…” he muttered, watching as Vanitas wasted no time and practically flung himself into the theater’s basement. There was the distinct sound of crashing, of tumbling boxes and assorted objects, glass shattering against the floor, and what might have been Vanitas cursing softly. Noé pinched the bridge of his nose, making a silent vow to maintain his composure.

“What are you doing? Come on!” Vanitas called, face popping back up out of the inky blackness, “Just watch where you land,” he instructed under his breath. Noé does a far better job of infiltrating the building, gingerly sliding through the window and stepping down onto a covered piece of dusty old furniture that looks like it’s spent more time downstairs than anywhere else in the establishment. It might be the fact that he’s a vampire, but he’s much more suited for navigating the unlit room than Vanitas, and as such, comes away with far less scuffs and bruises.

“You know, maybe if you didn’t go throwing yourself into potentially dangerous situations without thinking, you’d be a lot more successful at getting results,” Noé grouses, following after Vanitas and presumably towards the door.

“Hah, when have I not been successful?” Vanitas asks, lifting both hands as if positing a question.

“And how many times has that been completely on your own? Without my aid?” Noé asks in a flat voice.

“Ah, here’s the door,” Vanitas answers, pretending that he didn’t hear the question, much to Noé’s amusement.

From there the work of navigating the building without detection gets a little more difficult. The theater might be closed to the public at these hours, but it doesn’t mean there aren’t a team of people working to get things ready for the evening. Vanitas nearly walks right out in front of an employee no less than three times, each time being pulled back by Noé. The final time, when Noé spots the stage manager a half second before Vanitas, he jerks them both back around a corner, shocked when he doesn’t find a wall behind him, but a door.

A door left ajar that they’re both tumbling backwards through now.

Thankfully Noé has enough presence of mind to kick the door shut from his prone position on the floor, a sound muffled from the commotion going on towards the stage. His head falls back in relief once he’s sure they haven’t been found, but that only allows him a chance to reconcile the fact that Vanitas is on top of him, momentarily prone with shock.

It probably shouldn’t phase him, that the obnoxious little human who’s almost gotten him killed, maimed, attacked or apprehended numerous times, is now is curled up against his chest for all of a few fleeting seconds, but he’s still fighting down the heat in his face when Vanitas gathers himself up and away from the floor like nothing’s happened.

“You could have warned me, you know,” Vanitas huffs, face pointedly turned away from the vampire, sculking off in the direction of a dressing table in the corner to inspect it.

“Oh, was I supposed to call after you? Yes, let's give a potential enemy our names while we’re at it,” Noé rolls his eyes, straightening out his jacket after getting to his feet.

“I was more referring to the part where we went careening through a door and nearly broke my neck,” Vanitas glances up at Noé through the reflection of the vanity mirror, eyes bright and accusatory.

Noé resists the urge to make a crack about how he could do far worse to his neck, but that doesn’t seem appropriate at the moment. He’s been feeling a little off since they’d entered the basement for some reason, a little more aggressive in all the ways he shouldn’t be now. He wasn’t about to admit it, but it was his fault they’d ended up here, his instincts being to get Vanitas as far away from other people as possible in that split second. He rubs at his brow in irritation, attempting to recalibrate and get back on track.

The room they’re in now is definitely meant for performers, with full length mirrors and vanities cluttered with makeup, as well as a rack of elaborate costumes. A carved wardrobe sits across from them, flanked by a set of drawers and a display of wigs, hats, and props. If they’re looking for signs of a curse bearer, it’s going to be difficult to find any under all the lace, feathers, and glitter the theater contains.

“What exactly are we looking for?” Noé asks, pushing aside some garments on the rack to see the wall behind it, as if expecting to find a lurking enemy or a secret door, anything ominous that might lead them on the right path. He’s also now looking a little closer at the costumes, and perhaps Vanitas hadn’t been far off the mark with his Domi comment, but he’s certainly not about to admit that.

“Two performers have gone missing in the past week, another was nearly killed due to a stage accident a couple nights ago. It was suspicious enough, and with the majority of the patrons being vampires…” Vanitas trails off, rifling through the contents of one of the vanity’s drawers.

“Huh,” Noé murmurs, turning to look over the opposite set of drawers. It’s possible they’ll have to comb the whole building, but how? They could hide and wait until the place was empty for the night, but that was hours away. Maybe they should leave and come back when the theatre was packed so they could better identify suspects. Noé turns to tell Vanitas this, sidetracked for a moment at how the human’s somehow managed to procure an extravagant top hat in his signature blue, with a plume of black feathers.

“I don’t think I'm a hat person,” he mutters, checking the angles in the vanity mirror.

“Take that off, you look ridiculous,” Noé chastises him, even as the corners of his mouth lift into a bit of an amused smile, “Well, more ridiculous than usual.”

Both men freeze an instant later, when they hear the clatter of heels on wood just outside, along with a symphony of laughs and chatter that no doubt belong to the performers slated to work tonight. Noé’s only conscious of the way Vanitas’ eyes go wide before he launches into action.

He grasps the other man’s arm, taking the hat from his head and practically spiking it at the vanity table, swinging Vanitas around and throwing him into the heavy wooden wardrobe, following after with the soft click of the door. Only a millisecond later, the dressing room door bursts open to accommodate what he thinks is probably three or four women, all talking loudly and scurrying about to find odds and ends for their costumes. Neither man so much as breathes, alert and on guard for if anyone opens the wardrobe door. From the sound of it, the dancers are touching up after a run-through, but Noé and Vanitas jump a bit when something - a chair or low table - accidentally slides into the door with a loud thud. Even if it feels like a lifetime to the two, it’s probably a matter of ten minutes or less that they’re forced to wait with baited breath. When the door to the room shuts again, the sound of voices trailing away, they’re finally both able to relax.

“Thank the gods, I thought we were going to be stuck in here for hours…” Vanitas mutters, just as Noé pushes against the door. To his surprise, the wood does not give way, but remains tightly shut. Eyebrows knitting together, he pushes his shoulder into it, trying to get it to budge.

Vanitas raises an eyebrow, “Noé? Why are we not out yet?”

“Because…” the vampire begins testily, “It appears that the door is stuck.”

“...Is this a joke?”

“Does it look like a joke!?”

Vanitas’ eyes narrow in the partial darkness, “Move aside, I'll do it then,” he demands.

“How are you going - Vanitas, stop, i’m stronger than - “

The two jostle around until they’re even more contorted in the cramped space, Vanitas insisting on trying himself and admitting defeat. He tells Noé to just break it down, but with crewmembers and performers milling about just outside the room, it would give them away in an instant.

“And no one knows we’re here?” Noé asks in flat monotone, once they’ve exhausted their options.

“...I’m sure Dante remembers that I said we’d be here,” Vanitas tries, although Noé knows that translates to “I can’t remember if I actually told the dhampir or not.”

“Great, perfect,” Noé sighs, head making impact softly with the wood wall before him.

It wouldn’t be the worst thing ever, being trapped like this, except that it’s just small enough to make everything highly uncomfortable. Noé’s just a hair too tall for the space, forced to bend slightly and brace himself on the opposing wall. Vanitas has to slot himself in underneath, except that there’s a rickety trunk of some sort in the way, meaning he’s dealing with the opposite problem as Noé, legs thrown out in front of him so that his feet find stability against the other side. This of course means that they’ve been forced into very close contact, Noé’s chin nearly touching the top of Vanitas’ head. It shouldn’t be a problem, at least that’s what the vampire tells himself, but he’s still feeling a little off, like his mind’s not in the right place, and being this close to the human is only making it worse.

He receives a possible explanation not long into their captivity; Vanitas shrugs back part of his sleeve to inspect something, and Noé’s hit full force with the aroma of blood.

“What on earth-” he starts, doing his best to recoil in the tight space.

“I cut myself earlier, getting into the basement,” Vanitas shrugs like it’s no big deal.

Noé stares at the human until Vanitas is finally forced to look at him.

“What? It’s mostly dried, see? You don’t want any of that,” he finishes with a grin, showing off the rusty red clinging to his sleeve.

“You still willingly got into a damn closet with a vampire while injured.”

“No, I got into a closet with you while injured.”

Whatever Noé’s about to say, it dies on his lips, mouth popping shut, cheeks tingling with a flush at the implication. Vanitas has enough trust in Noé to know he’s safe with the other man. It doesn’t do anything to quell the strange, aggressive feeling brewing under his skin - it might make it worse actually - but there’s now an accompanying flutter in his chest that makes him glad for the low lighting.

An hour into their torture, and Vanitas begins to grow antsy. Of course, Noé thinks, the first time he begins to shift around.

“My legs are dying,” Vanitas groans, attempting to adjust himself into a more comfortable position, “Can’t you move back some?”

“No,” Noé drones like he’s in some sort of deep, meditative state.

Vanitas’ eyebrows level in annoyance, barely able to see his partner in the darkness, “You’re not even trying to make this comfortable.”

“Oh excuse me, your highness, how would you like me to contort myself next?” The vampire finally breaks his trance, annoyed that he even has to acknowledge the situation.

“Just...hold on a second…” Vanitas grouses, trying to leverage himself into a more comfortable position with a hand braced against the wall behind him. Noé rolls his eyes, making no attempts to help and hoping that the human will just calm down, for both their sakes, when Vanitas shifts in such a way that brings their bodies into contact. Noé reacts like he’s been stung, his free hand shooting out to grasp Vanitas’s hip and halt his movements.

“What’s wrong? I’ve got a cramp in my leg,” Vanitas practically pouts, attempting to squirm away from Noé’s hand, only further ratcheting up the vampire’s sudden panic.

“I don’t care if it’s about to fall off, stop doing that,” Noé demands.

Vanitas pauses for all of five seconds before starting up again, a hint of a smirk on his lips. Noé, who’s about to go ballistic over Vanitas’s oblivious torture of the vampire nearly growls.

“Stop. Moving.”

“Why? It’s fine-” Vanitas is already wiggling again, trying to bring his legs up into a more comfortable position. Noé’s hand on his hip is so tight it’s nearly painful, suddenly stopping the man from making any more movements.

“Why are you being so-” Vanitas shifts again and this time he really does stop, mouth falling open in shock, but it’s quickly being overtaken by scandalized amusement.

”Noé,” he gasps dramatically, when the vampire hisses softly just over his head at the contact between them. There’s no mistaking what Noé’s been trying to hide since the moment Vanitas began squirming around against him, the human can feel it pressed against his thigh. Noé squeezes his eyes shut, head hitting the wall with a soft thunk in humiliation.

“I told you to stop moving,” he grounds out in a strangled sounding voice.

Vanitas to his credit isn’t disgusted or offended, in fact, he’s becoming more than a little intrigued by the predicament. He’s not naive, and he’s certainly aware of how sex works, and of how to best use his own appeal to suit him. Noé though...upstanding, disciplined, sweet Noé...seeing him disarmed in this situation, vulnerable even, reveals a different side of him to the human. It would be silly of Vanitas to deny how attractive Noé is, or how curious he is to see where this goes.

With all that in mind, Vanitas shifts slightly, perhaps experimentally, feigning ignorance of what he’s doing. Noé’s jaw clenches so tightly he imagines his teeth cracking, but he’s also distinctly aware of the fact that Vanitas is intentionally trying to tease him now. His mood, the lingering smell of blood, and the stimulation all warp together until he thinks he might go mad in this damn box with this infernal, annoying, highly attractive human working to undo him.

As untethered as he’s become, Noé still feels like it’s important to issue a warning, just so Vanitas knows what kind of game he’s playing.

He reaches down, getting in Vanitas’s face, close enough that there’s no mistaking the hungry look in Noé’s eyes, fingers digging into the smaller male’s shoulders to hold him in place, sharp teeth flashing in the sliver of light that lingers on his face.

“If you continue in this manner...I will not be responsible for what I do to you,” he growls, voice low and dripping with barely contained desperation.

Vanitas’s eyes go wide, unable to beat back the flush that overtakes his usually pale features as a dozen different lurid thoughts cross his mind at the prospect, teeth finding his lower lip unconsciously. How the hell is he supposed to react to that? He knows how some parts are reacting, from the intensity of Noé’s lidded gaze on him, from the way he looks like a predator pinning down the prey he’s been stalking through the wilderness for days now. Vanitas’s heart thuds against his ribcage so loud he’s sure Noé can hear it.

“What…” Vanitas pauses to swallow, trying to keep his cool, “What exactly would that entail…?”

Noé’s expression drops slightly, shocked that his warning’s been taken as an offer instead of deterrent.

He makes a promise to himself that if Vanitas reacts badly, he’ll stop. He swears. His eyes never leave the other man’s face as he seizes one of Vanitas’s thighs, moving it aside so that he can slide one of his own between the human’s legs. Hand still on Vanitas’s hip, he shifts forward, rocking the both of them until the smaller man makes physical contact against his thigh, and suddenly Noé knows he’s not the only one sporting an erection here.

Vanitas shudders, head falling back against the wardrobe wall, hand flying up to cover his mouth against the raspy moan that slips loose. Noé’s eyes flash in the dark, devouring the sight of the usually so confident and composed man losing himself a bit thanks to his own machinations. It’s a surprisingly beautiful sight, one Noé’s quickly being lost in with how fast he seeks to continue it. He drags Vanitas’s hips forward, working him across his thigh in slow but powerful rolling thrusts that leave the smaller man shaking, little gasping whines breaking loose from behind his glove. This was supposed to be a lesson in not teasing people, but Noé knows from the way Vanitas is reacting now that they’ve both crossed the line from goofing around into something else entirely, and neither is willing to stop.

As much as he’s having fun watching Vanitas come undone all by himself, the pressure between his own legs is becoming unbearable; Noé shifts them again, forcing Vanitas to straddle him, long legs immediately complying to wrap around the vampire’s hips. Like this, Noé can roll himself forward, rubbing himself against Vanitas to quell both of their needs. Vanitas’s hands fly to Noé’s shoulders, upper back braced against the wardrobe wall as his spine arches, head tilted back in surrender. In a different world, at a different time, Noé imagines himself leaning forward to sink his teeth into that pale flesh and savor the sweetness lurking in Vanitas’s veins. It will have to wait, but still his mouth can’t help but seek out skin, lips and tongue settling for the salt and sweat that’s gathered in the crook of his neck. They’re both imagining it now, how easy it would be, and how even though they can’t have that, the lingering threat of it seems to only inflame both of their desires higher.

As taken as they both are with each other right now, they’re still fully aware of the threat of being found. Noé buries his sighs and groans in Vanitas’ neck and shoulder, hissing through his teeth when Vanitas’s hips buck erratically at a particularly savage thrust. He’s amused at how noisy Vanitas is in the throes of passion, struggling to keep his own mouth covered or clamped shut against all the pretty little sounds Noé manages to drag out of him with each pass. He can’t help but imagine getting this chance again, but somewhere private and free of danger. How he’s willing to spend hours forcing more of those sounds out of the human, how badly he wants to take his time ruining Vanitas for anyone else, until he can’t make another sound. Where this is all coming from Noé doesn’t know, but he’s unable to chase away the fleeting thoughts of all the things he’d do to the human if he were only permitted.

As much as they’re both enjoying themselves, it’s quickly becoming not quite enough. Noé makes a frustrated sound right next to Vanitas’ ear, using his hands to shift the human’s hips up a little higher, attempting to find the best position possible for the both of them. Vanitas has given up on trying to use his hand to keep himself quiet, instead settling on biting his lips closed while clawing at Noé’s back. It’s a losing battle though, and even if Noé would love to hear more of the sharp pants and broken sounds that manage to work their way through, he’s also still aware that they’re doing something very stupid in a public place. The solution is a logical one, he thinks, and definitely not what he’s wanted to do since this all began, he convinces himself.

Perhaps Vanitas has been waiting for it, from the way he melts into the kiss Noé delivers, lips parting into a satisfied moan that the vampire graciously swallows. This might not be doing anything to satisfy either man’s need to get off, but it definitely heightens the whole experience.
Noé’s shocked at how forcefully Vanitas’ tongue ends up shoved past his lips, riding the jolt of excitement he receives knowing that he’s just as worked up as the vampire is right now. How stupid he’s been, to discount all the furative glances and teasing, the easy way Vanitas seems to propel Noé into full on jealousy. He forces Vanitas’ head back against the wardrobe with the force of his lips, thoughts rushing through his head of his little stunt with Jeanne, fingers scrambling for the front of Vanitas’ trousers to show him just who he’s messing with now.

Vanitas makes a shocked sound against Noé’s tongue when he feels the other man work his pants open, but not shocked enough to convey that he wants him to stop. His whole body jolts when he feels that hand slide in to wrap around his erection, thumb running up the underside to collect the moisture there on a sweep towards the head. Vanitas is pretty sure that if he wasn’t afraid of being caught in a closet with his pants down while being pawed at by a hot vampire, he would have screamed. Noé’s got his mouth locked in the deepest kiss he’s ever experienced though, so when he begins to stroke him up and down there’s little else he can do but submit.

Noé uses the leverage against the wall and Vanitas’ death grip with his legs to undo his own pants with his free hand, and abruptly it feels like the heat inside the wardrobe is unbearable;
Noé slides his own slick cock in alongside Vanitas’, wrapping long fingers around them both. Vanitas breaks the kiss to whimper into the fabric of Noé’s jacket where he buries his face, everything suddenly unbearably wet and hot and too much. Noé sets up a rhythm that has them both gasping with each pump of his fist, the tremors in both their bodies growing overwhelming the longer it goes on. Vanitas rocks his hips into the stimulation, seeking an end to what’s got to be the most pleasurable torture he’s ever recieved, when he begins to feel it happen. Like the string on an instrument snapping, he feels the molten hot pressure between his hips build and release, and then he seeing white in Noé’s arms. He does his best to muffle his shuddering cry, hoping Noé’s collarbone is enough, both feeling and hearing Noé’s own answering groan against the crown of his head. Noé’s hand jerks and twitches, attempting to get Vanitas through his orgasm and complete his own, the pressure building and building, only tangentially aware of the way Vanitas is nuzzling at his neck, but then…

“Noé…” Vanitas murmurs in a voice thick with lust and relief and oh he’s going to die trapped in a run-down theater halfway across town.

Noé’s orgasm hits him like a wave so suddenly he’s shell shocked and still panting when he comes down from it. Slowly, cradling Vanitas in his lap, he sinks to the floor, still rigid with shock. Vanitas is thankfully oblivious, still satiated and sleepy against him, as Noé launches into a panic stricken review of the last several seconds.

All he said was my name...What on EARTH…?

Noé Archivist had it bad. His face flopped forward into Vanitas’ shoulder, utterly defeated.

***

“Yeah sorry, I guess I gave you the wrong theater.”

Noé and Vanitas sat across the table from Dante; Noé looked like the placid smile on his face had frozen there and wasn’t due to thaw for the next century. Vanitas quietly dropped his face into his hands, elbows against the table.

“You...gave us the wrong…?” Noé tried to speak, unable to regain control of his facial muscles.

“Yeah I guess the one you were lookin’ for was down the street. Oh well, it’s not like you guys had a hard time or anything,” Dante waved absentmindedly.

Vanitas looked up from his hands with eyes that would have sent a lesser man running.

Dante gave the two men a once over, quirking an eyebrow, “What happened anyway? You guys lose a fight? Your clothes are all-”

Noé had to pitch himself sideways to catch Vanitas around the waist, who was now attempting to clear the table and launch himself at Dante. Dante pulled back, hands raised to signify that he wanted nothing to do with the human’s fists swinging in his direction. People in the café were starting to stare. Noé took the hint and slung Vanitas over his shoulder, heading for the door while he continued to hurl insults at the shell-shocked dhampir.

They don’t speak until they’re back out on the street, after Noé’s let the human down on the reassurance that he won’t go back and fight Dante. Noé glances at the man walking alongside him, hoping they haven’t colossally screwed up after what they did today.

“Idiot. Wasting our time like that,” Vanitas spits, finally breaking the silence. Noé feels himself deflate a little; sure, it had been a wild goose chase, but he wouldn’t qualify today as a waste. Perhaps Vanitas can sense it, or maybe he just thinks better.

“Well...maybe not a total waste…” he mutters, glancing away from Noé, who can’t help but notice how his ears are going a little red. He’s beginning to like how easily Vanitas flusters in his presence.

A smile flutters across Noé’s lips, “Our room has a closet, you know.”

Vanitas almost jerks to a halt, easily flushing red. It trips him up for a moment, but he’s never been the type to back down, especially with Noé.

“I was thinking a bed might be more appropriate for next time,” he suggests offhand.

Noé does jolt to a stop.

Vanitas can’t help but laugh.