Bakugou Katsuki absolutely despises his part-time job.

The pay is lousy, the shifts are at awkward hours, he has to interact with children and idiots on a longer basis than he can handle (which is never), and the uniform looks like he’s been locked up in a really colourful prison. All in all, it’s the kind of job which would send any sane person running in the opposite direction, but for Katsuki, who needs to make a bit of money on the side of his long-distance studies, this happens to be... alright.

In all honesty, the selling point of working part-time at the cinema was his employer offering him a zero-hour contract, which allowed him to pick and choose his own shifts every week. It was useful in that during times like deadline season, or when he had a workout plan to keep to at the gym, then he was able to reduce the shifts he worked to exactly zero. Zero shifts a week, and wasn’t that a dream.

Yeah, ain’t this a fucking dream, Katsuki thinks as he sweeps some popcorn into the dustpan. His least favourite part of this job is without a doubt cleaning out the theatre of a screening that has just ended, and it’s a task his boss seems to delight in assigning him. It’s fucking nasty. There’s popcorn all over the seats, carbonated drinks and questionable fluids stickying up the floor, torn up tickets littering the aisle, and worst of all, the hoover provided by the cinema is too damn weak to suck any of that shit up. This means that more often than not he has to break out the good, old dustpan and broom, lugging a black bin bag with him as he attempts to scrape the trash off of wherever it’s clinging to.

Katsuki heaves a sigh. He so does not get paid enough for this shit. He ambles out of the back row of the theatre, heading for the next one down as he usually does (back to front, easiest method of clean-up), when he spots someone still sat in their seat. Katsuki approaches them with the intention of letting them know that the movie is over, which means it’s time for everyone to fucking scat, when the person turns to look at him, tears in their eyes.

Katsuki freezes up.

Fuck, not this guy again, he inwardly curses.

On the outside though, he moves forward again, crowding into the row the guy’s sat at.

“Alright, buddy,” Katsuki says, swatting at the weeping guy with the broom. “Time to clear out.”

“S-sorry,” the guy sniffles, wiping his nose with his sleeve. Katsuki clenches his jaw at the sight. “I was just about to head off. Sorry.”

Katsuki doesn’t bother with a reply, just backs away to allow the guy out. He stands up on wobbly feet, moving past Katsuki with his head down. Katsuki watches the guy walk off, descending the stairs towards the exit at the bottom.

As soon as he hears the doors slam shut Katsuki sags in relief.

Thank fuck.

He resumes his clean-up, his movements working from instinct as his mind wanders. That fucking guy. Every time Katsuki has to sweep up after the screening of a sad movie, that guy is left behind, sat in his seat and shaking with sobs. Katsuki is struggling to keep his wits around the guy. Not because of the guy himself, no, no. He’s actually not bad-looking (alright, pretty fucking cute), and he’s got pretty nice eyes which closely match his wild hair, and the dude’s actually pretty well-muscled despite looking like he’s never been in a fight in his entire life, and, and— none of this is relevant.

No, Katsuki’s issue with the guy isn’t that he’s good-looking, not at all; the issue is that he’s constantly crying. All the time. Every time Katsuki comes across him. Big, fat tears running down his reddened cheeks, breathing harsh, hiccupping, a snivelling mess, the whole nine yard and it gets Katsuki hard like nothing else. He always knew that his visceral reaction to tears rolling down someone’s scorched face wasn’t exactly normal, and as such has kept it very hush-hush. But when one of the regulars at his work happens to be such a fucking crybaby, and who always needs to be ushered out of the cinema while the guy stutters out an apology with that tear-streaked face, well… it’s hard to avoid the swell of attraction.

*

One week a new movie arrives at the cinema, some French film piece with a poster in greyscale and a name Katsuki can’t be bothered to pronounce. It looks boring as shit and the complete opposite of the types of movies he likes, but he’s overheard his co-workers talking about how sad it is. It perks his interest. He’s pretty sure Crying Guy will be making an appearance during one of its screenings, and he’s curious. Very curious actually.

What is it that turns that guy into a blubbering mess?

*

After his shift Katsuki decides to stay behind and catch the next screening of that French film. It turns out to be just as he imagined; boring as shit. Katsuki’s sat in the far back with his head resting against his fist, staring at the wide screen as the two main characters embrace one another whilst spouting declarations of love.

He lets out a huff. He really doesn’t understand what the fuss is all about.

*

It’s not like Katsuki can ask his mum what sets her off. She’s not a sad crier, she’s an angry crier, eyes gleaming with unshed tears whenever she gets particularly heated about something. He can’t even ask her what movies makes her cry because he’s his mother’s son, and they both actively try to avoid emotionally charged movies and instead lean heavily towards anything that features explosions. His dad most definitely won’t be able to help him in any way when it comes to sussing out what makes someone cry, the man’s never felt an emotion beyond ‘just okay’ for as long as Katsuki can remember. If his mum is the raging ocean during a night storm, then his dad is the rock that remains stationary as the waters crash around him.

He supposes they’re well-suited for one another, but they’re completely useless in helping Katsuki understand what the fuck makes people cry.

*

Sure enough, Crying Guy ends up buying a ticket for that French flick, and Katsuki, who has the delight of manning the ticket booth at the time of purchase, promptly informs him, “It’s shit.”

Crying Guy blinks at him. “Excuse me?”

“That movie.” Katsuki nods at the ticket in Crying Guy’s hand. “It’s shit. Trust me.”

“O-okay.” Crying Guy replies, giving an uneasy smile. Shit, is Katsuki creeping him out?

“You’ll probably like it though.” He amends. “Will probably have you bawling like a baby.”

That seems to catch the guy’s attention. “Oh, you’ve seen it?”

Katsuki nods.

“Is it sad?”

“It’ll definitely have you curled on the floor in tears.” Crying Guy beams at that, and Katsuki scowls. “You like that shit?”

Crying Guy shakes his head, green curls bouncing as a sheepish smile graces his lips. “It’s not like I enjoy it, it’s more like… well, I like letting it out every now and again, you know? When stress builds up, crying is a great way of relieving that.”

Katsuki stares.

That seems to be a bit much for Crying Guy apparently, because his cheeks tint pink and he rubs the back of his neck. “W-well, you know, it’s therapeutic in a way. Crying, that is.”

“Have you tried punching yourself in the face?” Katsuki offers. “Garners the same results.”

That startles a laugh out of Crying Guy. It’s… it’s not a bad sound.

*

Katsuki doesn’t know what he did, their little ‘chat’ was barely a minute long, but from then on after every movie Crying Guy watches he’ll stop by wherever Katsuki is working during his shift. Usually he’ll catch Katsuki in the lull between the late afternoon visitors and evening crowds, striking up a conversation right as painful boredom is about to dig its nails into Katsuki. Or, it’s more like he hiccups and weeps his way through how good the movie he just saw was, and Katsuki stands by stiffly in case he does something stupid like push the guy to his knees and rub his cock against his cheeks. Goddammit, this fucking blows.

The only good thing is that Crying Guy, who he finds out is called Izuku Midoriya, isn’t that boring to listen to. Although all he ever seemed to do at the start was bawl over the movies he’d just seen, that had started to change as of late. Sort of.

“A-and then they find out that she can’t have children, so she falls into a state of depression—“

“My God,” Katsuki groans, so tempted to hit his head against the counter. “This is a kid’s movie, how are you getting so worked up over it?”

“Kid’s movies are sad, okay?” Izuku sniffs, wiping away the remains of his tears. Katsuki’s gaze darts to the motion and something dark roils in the pit of his gut. “Have you seen any of the latest ones?”

“Not since I graduated to adulthood.” Katsuki replies, boredom evident in his voice.

“Well they really pull on your heartstrings.” Izuku argues.

“You cry over fucking everything though. You’re so useless, fucking Deku.”

“What did you call me?” Izuku asks in an affronted tone.

Katsuki’s face splits into a grin. “Deku.” Izuku frowns. “What, you don’t like it?”

“Not even a little.” Izuku responds, frown deepening.

Katsuki’s grin sharpens. “Deku.”

“Stop that.”

“Deku.”

“I said stop it.”

“Deku.”

“Kacchan.”

Katsuki falters. “The fuck you just call me?”

Now it’s Izuku’s turn to smirk proudly. “Kacchan.”

Katsuki’s eyes narrow. “You better not.”

Deku looks faux considering, the corner of his lips pulled up into an aggravating smile. “It’s got quite the ring, doesn’t it?”

“I could ban you from this place, y’know. I’ve got the authority to do so.” Katsuki threatens, voice dark.

“But then you’d never get to see my ugly crying face ever again.” Izuku contends, motioning at his freckled face. He clearly means it as a joke, but it’s enough to prevent Katsuki from going through with his false warning. If Izuku stopped visiting, taking his tears with him, Katsuki would actually be kind of disappointed.

*

On a calm, tranquil day when Katsuki is refilling the popcorn machine, Izuku inquires, “So what makes you cry?”

Katsuki spares him a glance before returning to the task at hand. “Nothing.”

“Nothing?”

“Nothing. I’m emotionally indestructible.”

Izuku chuckles at that. “Or maybe you’ve just got a tough core to break through.”

“Don’t even try it.” Katsuki interrupts, shooting Izuku a warning glare. He knows exactly what the guy’s trying to get at.

“But Kacchan, there has to be something that makes you cry!” Izuku argues, both hands on the counter as he leans over. “I mean, there’s so many things that can get you weeping, especially movies. There’s ‘The Pursuit of Happyness—’”

“Over-dramatized.”

“’Little Miss Sunshine—’”

“Steve Carell should stick to comedy, no one else does it like him.” Katsuki shares, wagging a finger in Izuku’s direction.

“’Titanic—’”

”Yeah, it was so sad when the girl didn’t move her ass over to make room for the guy on the door.”

“Kacchan, they’d have both drowned that way!” Izuku argues.

Katsuki shuts the door of the popcorn machine, wiping his hands off on his detested uniform. “Go hard or go home.”

Surprisingly enough, that doesn’t seem to bother Izuku. No, instead he hangs his head, shaking it with a fond smile. “You’re awful.”

*

Katsuki had thought they were done with the whole invasive conversation about why he doesn’t cry, but apparently Izuku has other ideas.

Katsuki’s lounging about at the ticket booth when he spots Izuku pushing through the glass doors, the guy’s face lighting up as soon as he catches sight of Katsuki. For some reason that has Katsuki’s stomach doing small somersaults. He pushes away from the back wall and rests his elbows on the counter, offering Izuku a nod when he comes to a stop before the booth.

“What you watching today, then?” Katsuki asks, mentally going through the array of new movies the cinema has just gotten in.

Izuku just shakes his head and braces himself against the counter, too close for Katsuki’s comfort. “Not watching anything today.”

Katsuki quirks a single brow, raising himself up fully.

“That’s right.” Izuku nods, grinning wide. “I’m here to invite you to my place, Kacchan.”

Katsuki stills. “Um. What.”

“I’m inviting you to my place.” Izuku reiterates with a smile, and nope, Katsuki hadn’t heard wrong.

“Why?” Katsuki throws him an incredulous look.

“Because,” Izuku starts, leaning further over the counter, completely ignoring the very little length Katsuki went through to put distance between them. When it was just him being attracted to Izuku’s tears it was creepy but barely acceptable, but now that he’s discovered Izuku’s kind of adorable and bright, his attraction needs to be put out immediately. If only for Katsuki’s sanity. “I want us to have a movie marathon together.”

Katsuki is instantly suspicious. “Why?”

“Do I need a reason?” Izuku pouts.

“Yes.” Katsuki replies, eyes trailing over Izuku’s form, as if that would somehow help him figure out the guy’s ulterior motives. “No one just invites someone over to their place for a movie marathon.”

“Friends do.”

“You think we’re friends?”

Izuku tilts his head to the side, looking too damn attractive doing something so fucking dumb, ugh, Katsuki hates him. “I’d like to think so.”

Katsuki continues to level Izuku with a suspicious glare, not uttering a single word. Katsuki wouldn’t personally say they were friends or anything. He doesn't hang out with Izuku in the same way he does Mina and Denki, grabbing lunch together every now and again. They aren’t like him and Eijirou either, synching up their workout sessions at the gym or getting fucking wasted sometimes (it’s actually terrible for their physique, they really should stop). No, the extent of their relationship is Izuku accosting Katsuki at work, and Katsuki letting him out of boredom but mainly some weird pseudo-attraction to Izuku and his crybaby ways. So, really, he wouldn’t describe them as being friends of any sorts, but he can’t exactly tell Izuku that.

Pursing his lips, he decides to reply with a vague, “Fair enough.”

Izuku seems to interpret that as confirmation of their friendship, just as Katsuki hazarded he would, and beams. “Great! So you’ll come then?”

Katsuki grimaces, frantically trying to think up an excuse. “Uh—“

“Please.”

Izuku is looking at him with those big, green eyes, his expression pleading. His brows are knitted together and mouth pulled down, gaze never leaving Katsuki’s own. It pisses Katsuki off with how appealing he finds it.

Growling under his breath, Katsuki drags a hand down his face before answering. “Fine.”

Izuku’s face instantly splits into a wide grin. “Awesome!” And he’s so goddamn giddy as he prattles on. “I’ve got quite a selection of movies we can work our way through, and I’m sure you’ll like them. I thought we could start with ‘The Boy in the Striped Pajamas’, then maybe move on to something like ‘Brokeback Mountain’ or ‘Schindler’s List’, but if you’re not into those there’s always ‘The Lion Ki—“

“Hold up.” Katsuki interrupts with a raise of the hand, suspicions rising. “What exactly is the theme of the movie marathon?”

Izuku’s eyes immediately fall away from Katsuki, the guy absolutely failing at feigning innocence as he mutters, “Uhh, there’s no theme.”

“Deku.” Katsuki’s voice holds a clear-cut warning.

Wrinkles form between Izuku’s brows and his jaw tightens, but eventually he slowly drags his gaze back to Katsuki. “…Making you cry.”

Katsuki’s eyes slide shut. “Un-fucking-believable.”

“I know it’s possible, Kacchan, I just need to prove it!” Izuku intones, banging his palm against the counter. His eyes are fierce, and for some reason that’s just too laughable for Katsuki.

“You’re getting way too heated up over this, you know that, right?” He drawls.

Izuku points an accusing finger at Katsuki, eyes narrowing. “You have emotions. I know it. Deep down.”

“Deep, deep down.” Katsuki corrects.

Izuku looks well irritated, and Katsuki’s pretty sure he’s going to keep yapping on, but surprisingly he doesn’t. Instead his expression smooths and he pulls himself back. He looks slightly defeated, but still manages to give a weak smile as he begs, “Just… come over, will you? We’ll hang out, I can order takeout, it’ll be fun. Please.”

It doesn’t exactly sound like Katsuki’s type of fun, but it is as harmless as it can get between the two of them as ‘not-friends’, and so he agrees.

“Alright.”

Katsuki jerks back when Izuku literally snaps up in joy. “Great! That’s great!” He laughs, practically vibrating in place with glee. “I’ll prepare DVDs of the most bawl-worthy movies I own, we’ll order in food, and spend the whole night trying to squeeze some tears out of you. How does that sound?”

Katsuki runs an appraising look over Izuku’s excited expression, leaning away from his eager energy. “All I’m hearing is you don’t have Netflix.”

*

When Katsuki makes a promise he actually keeps to it, and so he makes room in his weekly schedule for that movie marathon with Izuku. He switches his shifts around with his co-workers until he lands himself the Friday afternoon shift, and arranges for his regular workout session to take place in the morning rather than the evening. This way he’s able to hit the gym as usual, work his shift to get some much needed cash, then head over to Izuku’s place for the movie marathon. Never let it be said that Katsuki doesn’t have excellent time management skills.

Izuku offers to meet him outside of the cinema after his shift is over, and together they walk to the guy’s place. Obviously they end up chatting on the way, because Izuku is Izuku and can’t stay silent for too long, but it’s not bad. He ends up finding out that Izuku is studying full-time to become a social worker and is currently in his third year, and that he’s part of the swim and track societies at his university. It really explains the guy’s toned physique. In return Katsuki reluctantly opens up by sharing the bare minimum, revealing that he’s studying Nuclear Physics as a long-distance course, and that they’re ordering Thai tonight because he likes spicy food.

The walk doesn’t last for very long, and in under ten minutes they arrive at a block of flats which Izuku proclaims is ‘their stop’. The short distance explains why Izuku keeps frequenting the shitty cinema Katsuki works at instead of going to a bigger chain. Izuku’s place is typical for a student, more clutter than there is actual furniture, and some All Might posters covering the walls. God, the guy was such a nerd. Never mind that Katsuki has that exact same poster but framed, at least his bookshelf doesn't consist of mostly pasta-based recipe books.

Izuku actually has a TV which is a surprise, and a DVD player, which is less of a surprise. The TV’s not huge, but good enough. They take their seats on the battered couch and decide to order takeout right away as it’ll probably take some time for the food to arrive. Katsuki gets the spiciest dishes the takeout place has to offer, and Izuku stays plain with his Phad Thai noodles. Once that’s done with Izuku slides in the first DVD, and Katsuki prepares himself for a night of introspection in regards to his lack of emotion.

The movie ends up being that cowboy one with the two guys who fall in love, but can’t be together because hey, society. It grates at Katsuki’s nerves, and he hates how many random shots of cows or sheep there are. There’s probably only two at most, but to Katsuki that’s more than enough. It’s overall a very tedious movie, but what pisses Katsuki off the most isn’t even the movie.

No. It’s Izuku.

When the guy had proposed the movie marathon in order to drag some emotions of Katsuki’s out into the open, he’d assumed that Izuku had already seen all the suggested movies. And he had, several times, but that didn’t seem to diminish his reaction towards them. That is, his full-on crying.

It’s driving Katsuki insane.

He’s sat less than twenty centimetres away from the guy, struggling to keep his eyes on the screen as his entire being is tuned in to every movement or noise Izuku emits. It’s a fucking battle, and he feels he deserves a medal for his efforts. His one saving grace of the night comes in the form of the takeout guy, and Katsuki jumps on the chance to escape the couch and get their food. If he were a more sociable person he’d strike up a conversation with the takeout guy, but as it is he just pays the man and watches forlornly as he walks off, leaving Katsuki to the worst fate of all. Keeping his boner under wraps as his ‘not-friend’ sobs his eyes out next to him. It’s a fucking nightmare.

They both sit on the couch and eat their food in blessed silence, and the amount of physical and mental effort it takes for Katsuki to focus on putting his noodles into his mouth and slowly chewing gets him through the entirety of the movie unscathed. Fucking thank you. The joyous moment is short-lived however, because as soon as the movie is over Izuku gets up and slides another disc in, and Katsuki can feel his very soul escaping his body.

He sits for another hour as the next movie plays out, and what it’s about he can’t even say. His mind is too fixated on the sounds of Izuku weeping, his sniffles piercing through his ears louder than a passing train. He can see Izuku’s form from the corner of his eyes, the guy’s shoulders shaking violently and a hand over his mouth. Katsuki rearranges himself on the couch, bringing his knees up to his chest and placing one of the couch’s pillows between them. The movement is apparently distracting enough to pull Izuku away from the screen, his eyes falling to Katsuki.

“A-are you alright?” He stutters out, voice quivering.

Katsuki clears his throat before replying. “Yeah, I’m, uh. I’m fine.”

“You sure?”

“Yeah.” Katsuki grunts, gaze still firmly stuck on the screen. He has no idea what’s going on with the movie and he doesn’t care.

Izuku glances back at the screen too, then back to Katsuki. “Is it affecting you?”

Katsuki’s head whips around to face Izuku. “What?”

Izuku blinks at him, fresh tears trailing down his cheekbones. “The movie. Is it affecting you?”

“O-oh.” Katsuki manages to get out, his sudden panic receding. “No.”

Fuck, he thought he’d been found out. He doesn’t even know what he’d do if that happened. He has to finagle his way out of this situation somehow, he just has to.

“But you’re behaving weird.” Izuku voices, and that snags Katsuki’s attention.

“Huh? No, I’m not.”

“Yeah, you are.” Izuku argues, turning to face Katsuki fully, and fuck, that is so not good. He hugs the pillow between his knees tighter. “You’ve been staring at the movie non-stop since it started, but you’ve not really reacted to any of the stories.”

“What do you mean?” Katsuki bites out, trying to think of an escape plan. Fake a text? Pretend he forgot a doctor’s appointment? Jump out the window?

“I mean,” Izuku sniffs, wiping at the drops on his cheeks. “You’ve not really… you didn’t gasp when it was revealed the boy was colourblind.”

“So what?”

“That was a really important part of the movie.” Izuku pouts, looking too adorable with his big, wet green eyes. Fuck, Katsuki is so not okay.

“I told you, I’m emotionally dead inside.”

“Also, you’ve been hugging that pillow like you want to strangle it for the past few minutes now.” Izuku points out.

Katsuki stares at the pillow in his hands, shooting it a glare like it’s personally outed him somehow. “I just like the pillow.”

“You like it that much?” Izuku challenges, raising a single brow.

“Yes.” Katsuki lies through his teeth. “It’s very… nice.”

Izuku levels him with a look, clearly not believing a single word. He doesn’t say anything though, just continues to stare until Katsuki feels discomfort pricking his skin. Could the guy maybe lay off? It’s bad enough that he’s still got teardrop stragglers escaping his eyes, now he’s also keeping his gaze fully on Katsuki so he can see his reddened expression. This is so unfair.

“You’re such a bad liar. You’re not even looking at me.” Izuku says in an accusatory tone, leaning close, too fucking close, too close, fuck.

Katsuki clenches his jaw, and with every fibre of his will and being, turns to Izuku with faux calm. “This fucking better?”

Izuku’s eyes narrow at him, his suspicions clear as day. He opens his mouth, looking as if he’s going to drive this argument further, but Katsuki’s not paying attention. His gaze has caught on a single tear falling down Izuku’s cheek, trailing down his chin and dripping off. He watches it fall onto his forearm, the point of contact feeling as if it’s burned a hole into Katsuki. His hold on the pillow loosens, and it drops to the floor with a soft ‘thump’. Katsuki’s lips part softly and his eyes glaze over.

“Oh.”

The utterance snaps Katsuki out of his reverie and his eyes instantly jump back up. He spots Izuku, his face slightly reddened, the tear tracks on his face drying up, and his gaze lowered and… aimed right at Katsuki’s semi, fuck, fuck, fuck.

Izuku’s green eyes flit up and land on Katsuki’s red ones. The contact has Katsuki’s breathe hitching, and he stills, caught in unbearable silence. Several seconds trickle by where neither of them move or say anything. Finally, Katsuki jumps into action.

He immediately stands up, avoiding Izuku’s startled hiccup in favour of the door. He heads straight for it, grabs his jacket and exits the flat, feet pounding down the stairs as he outruns Izuku’s yells to ‘wait!’.

*

The next time Katsuki and Izuku’s paths cross is when Katsuki is working at the snack counter. He’s laying out bags of crisps on the shelf, filling it up and making it look pretty, when approaching footsteps catch his attention. He looks up to see a familiar head of green and his heart immediately stops.

Fuck.

Katsuki’s limbs freeze up and he moves awkwardly, turning his body to face Izuku at the counter. His jaw won’t cooperate entirely, but he still manages to rigidly get out, “What can I get you?”

He fully expects Izuku to straight up dive into a heart-to-heart conversation regarding Katsuki’s reaction at his flat, poking his fingers into Katsuki’s psyche and all around making him super uncomfortable.

That’s why he’s very much surprised when Izuku instead says, “Can I have a medium popcorn, please? No butter.”

Katsuki’s mouth drops open, then shut again. He gives a single nod and mechanically turns to the popcorn machine, resolutely focusing on his task without engaging Izuku in the usual conversation. Once he’s poured the specified popcorn into a container, he turns back to the counter, already holding out the snack for Izuku to take so the guy can get the hell out of Katsuki’s space as soon as possible.

“That’ll be seven ninety-ni— what the fuck are you doing?”

Tears are streaming down Izuku’s cheeks, fat, plump drops caught in his dark eyelashes. The sight shoots a flash of desire up Katsuki’s spine.

“So is it just sad crying that turns you on or deliberate crying too?” Izuku asks, swallowing down a hiccup.

“Stop that.” Katsuki hisses, eyes darting around. He can feel his body’s reaction to the tears, his cock filling out in his uniform trousers.

Izuku wipes the tears away with the back of his hands. “Sorry.” He sniffs. “Just trying to figure out what makes you tick.”

“Well don’t fucking pull that shit here.” Katsuki bites out, words dipped in warning. His body is tight with fury, but his cheeks are starting to pink. God-fucking-damnit.

Izuku pauses, looking straight into Katsuki’s blazing eyes. “But outside of here is fine?”

There’s something hidden in his tone, something covered beneath the words that has Katsuki blinking back at the guy. The distraction lasts for only a moment before Katsuki shakes himself out of it. No. He will not read too much into that. For his mind and body’s sake he’ll ignore it and quench the hope in his chest before it’s even allowed to rise.

He shoves the popcorn at Izuku and snarls out, “Just fucking take your snacks.”

Deku gives him a wobbly smile, awkwardly accepting the popcorn before turning away and heading towards the entrance further into the cinema. Katsuki watches him go, his anger and lust getting at each other’s throats as he tries to subtly readjust his tight trousers.

Fucking Deku.

*

Of course, because Izuku is Izuku, he doesn’t give Katsuki even a day off to regroup his thoughts before he accosts him outside of the cinema after his shift.

“Hey, Kacchan!”

Katsuki freezes up. The voice belongs to someone he very much would like to avoid for the rest of the foreseeable future, but a hand on his shoulder prevents him from breaking away.

“I’m glad I caught you.” Deku grins. The cold of the evening colours his nose red, and Katsuki can see puffs of air escape his mouth as he speaks.

He scowls. “You know this technically counts as stalking. I could get a restraining order against you.”

Izuku lets out a soft laugh, rubbing the back of his neck in a gesture of embarrassment. “Are you?”

“You gonna give me a reason to?” Katsuki counters, digging his hands into his jacket pocket. It’s fucking cold outside and he just wants to head home. He doesn’t want to deal with whatever shit Deku’s about to drudge up.

“Depends.” Izuku replies, lips quirking up into a smile. A light blush graces his face, and he licks his lips before quietly asking, “Do you… do you like it when I cry?”

“I’m out.” Katsuki announces, turning on his heel as he takes off.

“Wait, wait, wait!” Izuku calls after, snagging him by the fold of his arm this time. He pulls Katsuki around to him once more and hurriedly explains, “I don’t mean it in a bad way, I’m not judging or anything, I just… I’m just wondering if you get off on it.”

“Why the fuck should I tell you?” Katsuki spits out, anger quickly growing with the sudden turn this conversation has taken. He knew it was a bad idea to stay and talk to Izuku, he fucking knew it, yet he did it anyway because he’s a fucking idiot.

Izuku releases his hold on Katsuki, his hands finding their way into his own pockets. “’M just curious.” He mumbles.

Katsuki watches him closely, keeping his mouth firmly shut as he thinks. About what, he has no fucking clue. Really, there’s no need for him to stick around. Really, he should be running as far, far away from Izuku as humanly possible. Really, he ought to head back home and cut all ties with Izuku, because now that the guy has clocked on to the fact that Katsuki has what can only be referred to as a ‘crying kink’, there’s no way they can… hang. Or whatever it is they used to do before this whole ordeal. Cinema-goer and cinema worker? No, further apart. Stranger and stranger. Yeah, that’s what they need to return to. Stranger and stranger.

The silence must last too long for Deku’s liking, because he levels Katsuki with a slightly wary look and asks, “Do— Do you like inflicting pain?”

“No!” Katsuki denies vehemently, the question tearing him from his thoughts. “Fucking hell, Deku, no.”

Izuku sags in relief, worried expression smoothing out.

Katsuki bites back a sigh. “It’s…” He starts, then breaks off. He thinks for a moment, then continues. “It’s not like I enjoy seeing people in pain. I just. I don’t know, for some reason the sight of someone crying, it… it gets to me. I don’t want to make someone cry, I don’t like to do that, but if someone does, then it— it kind of— it’s good.” He finishes awkwardly, cheeks burning.

“Right,” Izuku nods slowly. “I get it. You’re not a sadist or anything.”

“Right.” Katsuki confirms. “Seeing someone cry just… does something to me.”

A heavy silence settles itself between the two. The chill of the night creeps up Katsuki’s spine, causing him to shiver. Izuku still isn’t saying anything, just kind of looks at Katsuki with a pensive expression. It’s too intense for some reason, and Katsuki eventually breaks.

“That sate your curiosity?” He murmurs gruffly, burying his chin further into his jacket.

“Would you make me cry?” Izuku asks out of nowhere, and fuck, that just throws Katsuki for a loop.

“What? No, of course not!” He denies, frantically shaking his head. “I mean, there’s no need for me to, you already cry like a little bitch all the time anyway.”

Izuku chuckles, holding his hands up in a placating gesture. “Calm down, I don’t mean it like that. It’s not an accusation. I meant more like…” He deliberately catches Katsuki’s eyes, and there’s something dark in those green orbs. Something greedy, something… hidden. “Will you make me cry?”

Katsuki tenses up. His eyes widen.

Izuku’s cheeks flush darker at that reaction, and he quietly adds, “Please.”

All of a sudden the true meaning behind Izuku’s words register with Katsuki. They hit him like a freight train, and the realisation of what Izuku is asking awakens a long-hidden and deeply buried lust in Katsuki. His red eyes catch on Izuku’s and they darken.

Oh yes.

*

Katsuki will admit it’s pretty weird how he and Izuku started out as cinema-goer and cinema worker annoyed at crying cinema-goer to… here.

Izuku’s sat on his lap, grinding his erection down against Katsuki’s own while pressing him further back into the couch. A moan falls from Katsuki’s lips, and he reaches up to dig his fingers into Izuku’s curls and drag him down for a kiss. It’s filthy, all tongue and teeth, and Izuku keens into his mouth. The sound just spurs Katsuki on, and he deepens the kiss.

Izuku is the first to pull away, eliciting a growl from Katsuki that sends shivers down his spine. He wiggles off his lap, much to Katsuki’s dismay, and falls to his knees.

“Spread your legs.” He instructs, hands landing on Katsuki’s thighs.

Katsuki blinks down at him for just a moment before he clocks onto what’s happening and does just as ordered. He quickly unzips his jeans and shucks them, along with his underwear, down his thighs, allowing Izuku to pull them the rest of the way.

His cock hangs hard and heavy between his legs, the pulsing veins a dark contrast to Izuku’s fairer hands gingerly wrapping around it. The guy looks like he’s been punched in the gut, breath swiftly leaving his lungs as he takes in the cock in his hands with a look of awe. The sight draws out a deep rumble from Katsuki’s chest. Izuku’s gaze darts up at the sound, then returns back to the large cock in his hands. In an instant he’s covered his mouth over the tip, and Katsuki throws his head back with a groan.

Fuck, that feels good. Izuku begins bobbing his head up and down, taking in more of Katsuki’s cock with every slide down. The heat of his mouth is incredible; it’s so wet, and tight, and Katsuki can’t help the way his hips jerk up. Izuku lets out a choked moan, and Katsuki’s hands immediately find his green curls, administering soothing strokes.

“You alright?” He pants, sweat covering his temple.

Izuku pulls off his cock and licks his lips, expression ravenous. He looks straight into Katsuki’s eyes and in a ruined voice demands, “Fuck my mouth.”

A gasp falls from Katsuki’s lips and his hands tighten in Izuku’s hair. The guy lets out a wince, but still presses himself further against Katsuki’s hold. Dirty, nasty little fucker.

“You sure?” Katsuki asks, because as much as the proposition turns him on, he needs to confirm that this is what Izuku truly wants. That he’s not just saying it because he knows it gets Katsuki going.

Izuku nods frantically, rubbing his cheek against Katsuki’s cock. “Yes, yes, please.”

The start of tears have begun to form at the corner of his eyes, and they wet the tip of Katsuki’s cock. The blatant display of need sets off sparks of pleasure in Katsuki and he emits a grunt.

“Fuck. Know you asked for it.”

With that said he grabs a firm hold of Izuku’s head and shoves him down onto his cock, delighting in the way the guy’s just opens up and takes all of him. It feels like heaven, and Katsuki’s hips instinctively thrust up. He starts up a steady but slow rhythm, ensuring that Izuku is able to get used to his length sliding in and out of that hot mouth.

The previously unshed tears now slide down Izuku’s cheeks, staining his face and dripping down onto Katsuki’s inner thighs. It’s fucking amazing, Izuku looks fucking amazing, and Katsuki can’t stop himself from increasing his speed. His hips move at the same time as Izuku, the two of them falling into a natural, fast-paced rhythm with a little guidance from Katsuki’s hands on the back of Izuku’s head.

He watches as Izuku swallows him down to the bottom, his nose pressing against the pubic hair on his pelvis. The guy’s full on weeping now, face scrunched up, cheeks red, and teardrops freely rolling down. The sight of Izuku choking on his cock, swallowing around the length and attempting to press his tongue against its base, is so fucking sexy that Katsuki relinquishes any sense of control he has.

He tightens his hold on Izuku’s hair, drawing a muffled gasp from the guy.

“Gonna really make you cry, Deku,” He promises, voice rough like gravel. “Gonna make your throat hurt so bad you won’t be able to speak.”

The words have Izuku trembling where he’s balanced on his knees, face pressed between Katsuki’s thighs and just eating up his cock. He cries harder, the vibrations of his throat massaging Katsuki in just the right way he’s completely unable to stop himself from bucking up. Izuku gurgles, but Katsuki keeps on thrusting up, burying himself deeper into that wet heat. His grip on Izuku’s hair tightens and he grits his teeth, feeling his impending orgasm.

“O-okay, get off, get off, Deku— Gonna cum, gonna—“ Katsuki bites out, gently yanking Izuku back in warning.

Izuku doesn’t seem to like that however, because he wraps his arms around Katsuki’s thighs and digs his face further between his legs, forcing the cock further into his mouth. Fuck, fuck, fuck, Katsuki groans inwardly. The guy’s not getting off his cock. Izuku won’t part with his cock. That is the fucking hottest thing Katsuki has seen.

“Blame yourself,” He gasps out, then with renewed vigour digs his fingers into Izuku’s hair. He snaps his hips up into Izuku’s mouth, forcing himself in and out of the guy’s throat as fresh tears streak down his face. It’s beautiful, absolutely fucking beautiful. Izuku looks like a perfectly wrecked masterpiece, like something out of Katsuki’s wet dreams, and he is losing his fucking mind. His breath is coming out in short spurts, his heartbeat faster than a hummingbird’s. Katsuki throws his head back and gives several final thrusts before suddenly tensing up, and in the next breath empties himself completely inside of Izuku’s mouth. And Izuku, the fucking dream that he is, laps it all up in one go, swallowing around Katsuki’s sensitive cock before pulling off with an audible ‘pop’.

Izuku licks his lips and rests his sweaty head against Katsuki’s thigh, breathing hard. He looks sated, very much so. Katsuki peers at him from where he’s sagged into the couch, absolutely positive his bones have melted and his mind broken. His pulse continues to thrum rapidly beneath his skin. It takes him a moment to regain his wits, but once he does he forces himself to sit up. Izuku’s still not been taken care of, and Katsuki’s not such a callous lover that he’d just leave his partner without finishing.

He looks down between Izuku’s legs, intent on giving him a literal helping hand, when he finds that the front of his trousers is quickly darkening.

Katsuki’s eyebrows jump high on his forehead. “Did you… did you fucking cum just now?”

Izuku doesn’t even deem that with a proper response, just lazily nods his head while attempting to regulate his breathing.

Katsuki throws himself back against the couch with a guttural groan. “That’s fucking sexy.”

“I’m glad you liked it.” Izuku rasps, and fuck, does he sound wrecked.

Katsuki’s fingers find their way back into Izuku’s hair, lightly carding through the green strands. “You were amazing. Beyond fucking amazing.”

Izuku lets out a content hum and lets his eyes slip shut. He presses his head back against Katsuki’s hand, digging the fingers deeper into his scalp. Katsuki indulges him, lightly scratching the back of his head as Izuku lulls. They sit in comfortable silence, revelling in the post-orgasm haze, until Izuku’s eyes slowly open up.

He glances up at Katsuki and wonders aloud, “Is there anything else you’d like to try?”

Katsuki chuckles. “How about we start with this and see how it goes.” He brushes Izuku’s sweaty fringe out of his face, warmth spreading through his chest at the enjoyment Izuku seems to take from that. “Why? You in a hurry to move on already?”

“Not really.” Izuku sighs, placing a quick kiss on the inside of Katsuki’s thigh. “Just had some other ideas.”

“Like what?” Katsuki hums.

Izuku tilts his head up, eyes gleaming with mischief. “Well… I’ve always wanted to have sex in a movie theater.”

Katsuki grimaces. “You have no idea how disgusting those theaters are.”

*

What starts up is a sort of strange ‘not-friends with benefits’ relationship between the two of them, and one Katsuki unashamedly revels in.

Izuku is so good, so good to him and spoils Katsuki rotten with how often he’ll indulge in his kink. Katsuki truly believes Izuku can become an A-list actor with how convincing he is with his fake crying. He’ll start off simple with soft hiccups and sniffles, then take it up a notch with his lip jutting out as his brows knit together, and then, finally, he’ll set off the waterworks. Full drops sliding down his face and dripping off his chin. Face red from exertion. Expression contorted into something beautiful. Katsuki licks it all up and thanks the heavens for making someone as precious as Izuku.

Not only will he entertain Katsuki’s crying kink, but goddamn, if the guy isn’t a total beast in the bedroom. He’s vicious, and energetic, dragging red marks down Katsuki’s back which serve as a sore reminder of their activities. His body is incredible, so goddamn tight and muscled that Katsuki firmly believes it should be illegal for Izuku to be as sensual as he is. He loves it when they fuck, loves pounding into Izuku as he holds on for dear life, moans echoing through the room as Katsuki pushes him over the edge.

He’s a fucking champion, he really is. His thighs will clench around Katsuki’s hips whenever Katsuki whispers filthy promises into his ear, leaving bruises in their wake. He’ll let Katsuki push him to his limit and then suddenly haul him back in again, tears of frustration welling up every time. One time Katsuki had been so caught in the heat of the moment that he’d spanked Izuku’s ass, forcing a startled gasp out of Izuku. Katsuki had instantly palmed the reddened cheek in quick apology, stammering out a ‘s-sorry’. But Izuku, fucking wonderful Izuku, had just ground back against Katsuki with a twitching smile and demanded he repeat the action. He drives Katsuki fucking crazy and he just can’t get enough.

*

There is one memorable incident that Katsuki will savour for the rest of his life. He’s on his back, Izuku atop and riding him hard enough for Katsuki to see stars, when he stammers out, “T-there’s nothing you wanna try?”

Katsuki’s really not focusing on words at the moment, his body having taken over entirely. However, when Izuku ceases his movements it forces Katsuki to pay attention.

“Huh?” He pants. He’s drenched in sweat and his cock is aching for release. He really wants to get back to what they were doing.

“You sure there’s nothing you want to try?” Izuku repeats, coming to a complete halt much to Katsuki’s chagrin. “In bed, I mean.”

Katsuki gazes up at Izuku, taking in his dishevelled state. With a shake of the head he reveals, “Right now I just want to get us both off.”

Izuku bites his lip, looking considering for just a moment. “There’s… there’s something I’d like to try. If you don’t mind.”

Katsuki pauses. “Will it hurt you?”

“N-not exactly.” Izuku answers evasively. “I’ll like it, but it might be considered dangerous in the… in the wrong hands. But we can use our safeword if anything happens.”

Katsuki props himself up on his elbows, levelling Izuku with a questioning look. “What exactly is it?”

Izuku licks his lips, then slowly reaches down. He takes Katsuki’s hands into his own, forcing him to lie back down fully again, and brings them up to his throat.

Katsuki’s eyes widen. “Izuku—“

“Please.” Izuku interrupts, expression pleading. “I— I want this.”

Katsuki’s gaze matches Izuku’s, the two of them watching the other. Katsuki can’t deny he’s excited over this new prospect. He can feel his fingers tingling in anticipation, wanting to wrap themselves around Izuku’s throat and press up against Izuku’s windpipe. Cut off his oxygen. Have complete and utter control.

Izuku’s movements startle Katsuki out of his reverie. He watches with bated breath as Izuku manoeuvres Katsuki’s thumbs until they’re resting against his windpipe. Izuku swallows once, his Adam’s apple pressing against Katsuki’s thumbs.

Katsuki’s breathe hitches.

Wordlessly, he gently increases the pressure. Izuku’s eyes instantly slide shut, his mouth dropping open and a shaky sigh falling from his lips. Izuku’s reaction has a dark, possessive feeling curling around Katsuki, and his cock twitches where it’s still buried inside of Izuku. Steeling himself, Katsuki cautiously presses further against his windpipe. Izuku begins to tremble. His hands clench tightly where they’re fisted in the bedsheets, his breath coming out in stutters. He’s so trusting of Katsuki. Truly believes Katsuki won’t use the power he holds over Izuku to hurt him. Knows he won’t do so.

Katsuki rolls his shoulders and decides to press down harder. He keeps a tight hold of Izuku’s throat, maintaining his grip until Izuku’s entire body is shaking. As soon as he lets out a choked moan Katsuki instantly releases his hold. He watches as Izuku gasps in lungfuls of breath, his chest heaving and body left quivering. His eyes are still screwed shut, red mouth hanging open. He looks delirious.

Licking his lips, Katsuki nervously inquires, “Was that alright?”

Izuku’s eyes snap open. “I want to sit on your face.”

Katsuki bucks up, jostling Izuku who lets out a hitched gasp as Katsuki rubs against that special spot inside of him. Katsuki digs his nails into the flesh of Izuku’s thighs and licks his lips.

“Hell yeah.”

*

Katsuki is manning the concession stand, bored out of his mind, when Izuku of all people approaches. He’s not really been making appearances at the cinema as of late, though that could be entirely Katsuki’s fault. Deadline season is nearing, and he’s adamant on getting at least an outline and vague body on all of his essays before the month’s end. Izuku throws him a smile which Katsuki returns with a nod of his own, then lazily gestures back at the display board behind him.

“What snack would you like to cry into today, then?”

Izuku lets out a chuckle. “None, actually. I’m not, I mean I’m not here for a movie today.”

That catches Katsuki’s attention. He raises a single brow, that one gesture clearly conveying his curiosity.

“Um.” Izuku stammers, suddenly fidgeting in place. His cheeks tint pink and his eyes keep darting between Katsuki and whatever’s behind him. Katsuki casts a look over his shoulder and sees that it’s just the popcorn machine, which really does not warrant this strange behaviour from Izuku. He looks back to the guy and notices he’s shoved his hands into his jacket pockets.

“Are you… okay?” Katsuki asks, not really sure what to make of Izuku’s actions.

“’M fine.” Izuku answers with a strained smile. “I just. Um. I was wondering if you, you know— if you want to— I don’t know, if you were free sometime to maybe, like, go out sometime?”

Katsuki stares at Izuku for the longest time before intelligently saying, “Um.” Then, in a quick move of genius, adds on, “Okay.”

Izuku beams. “Okay?”

“No, wait.” Katsuki intercepts, not wanting the guy to get the wrong idea. “I meant the ‘okay’ as a buffer. Like, a ‘let me think’ kind of okay.”

“Oh.” Izuku deflates slightly. “Okay.”

Katsuki nods slowly, his face morphing into one of confusion. He points a single finger at Izuku. “Just to clear things up, when you say ‘go out sometime’, you mean—“

“Dinner.” Izuku answers immediately, face flushing further. “Properly, I mean. Not just takeout.”

Katsuki can’t help the smirk that breaks out over his face. “Dinner and a movie?”

If possible, Izuku colours further, absently nodding. “If you feel like it. I thought maybe— I don’t know, maybe something with explosions for you.”

Katsuki nods approvingly. “No sad movies?”

That forces an amused huff out of Izuku. “Not unless you want.”

“Okay.” Katsuki says as he attempts to process the information he’s just been given. “Okay.”

“And that ‘okay’ means…?” Izuku prompts, leaving the question hanging.

Katsuki watches Izuku where he’s stood. He takes in the wild, ruffled curls. He takes in the hesitant green eyes gazing at him. He takes in the nervous way he’s shuffling from foot to foot, probably not even realising he’s doing it. He takes it all in, and realises there’s no question about it, and there never was; not since Izuku had taken the initiative to regularly chat with him and invited him to his flat.

Katsuki’s smirk widens. “It means let’s give it a go.”

“O-oh!” Izuku’s face splits into a grin so bright Katsuki thinks it might blind someone. “That’s great! That’s really great! Awesome!”

“You sure you’re excited enough?” Katsuki quips, though even he’s smiling.

“Sorry,” Izuku laughs, shaking his head. “I’m just— I’m happy is all.”

Katsuki’s heart does a weird little thump at that. His face feels warm, but he refuses to echo the sentiment at his workplace. Instead he gruffly says, “Yeah, whatever nerd.”

Izuku’s grin widens, and he begins to amble backwards. “I’ll— I’ll go prepare then. I’ll go plan. For our date.”

Katsuki rolls his eyes. Of course he’d plan. What a fucking nerd.

“Good luck with that.”

Izuku inclines his head in Katsuki’s direction, then swiftly whirls around. He’s about to head off when he suddenly halts, then turns back. “Say… what’s your favourite movie?”

Well that’s certainly not what Katsuki was expecting out of the guy’s mouth. He frowns in thought, folding his arms across his chest as he leans against the popcorn machine. “I’d say it’s a tie between ‘Hot Fuzz’ and ‘District 9’.”

The corners of Izuku’s lips quirk up. “So mostly explosions?”

“Yep.” Katsuki nods, leaving out how important plot is to him as well. That can be something they can discuss in further detail late. Maybe even during their date. “What about you?

“’Forrest Gump’.” Izuku answers.

Katsuki shakes his head. “Of course you’d like ‘Forrest Gump’.”

“It’s a good movie.” Izuku pouts.

Katsuki stares him, then lifts his hand to motion the guy forward. Izuku’s expression morphs into one of confusion, but he does approach if a bit hesitantly. Once he’s reached the counter Katsuki leans over and pecks him on the lips.

“You’re too cute.” He says in lieu of an explanation.

Izuku blushes and reverently presses his fingers to his mouth. “O-oh.”

Katsuki bites his lower lip. Really, too fucking cute.