"Well, well, well Yuuji, looks like you’re not very lucky!”

Racious laughter echoed in his mind as he snuffed out the images of his classmates laughing at him; his clumsiness, his failing grades, his awful luck - or lack thereof. The only lucky thing he’d ever been graced with was his natural, incredible strength, and that was it. Even the shrines he prayed at never blessed him with any good fortune, every year was the same. Lady luck never smiled on him, no deities ever heard his pleas, he was simply a luckless lost cause.

Of course, Fushiguro and Nobara didn’t think that way of him. They were his two best friends, always there for him and never judgemental, and for that he was grateful. Despite his wonderful pair of friends, bad things just kept happening. He would always forget his coat and umbrella when it rained, then he’d slip and spill his notebooks in the deepest, dirtiest puddle. He always found that one little crack in the sidewalk that sent someone sprawling or the only upended floorboard of the entire building that he always tripped on. Even when the weather was nice, when there were no cracks to trip on, somehow misfortune always made its way to Yuuji, playing with him like he was a doll.

“Who knows, Yuuji? Maybe you’re just cursed! Cursed with bad luck for the rest of your life!”

“That sucks! Better luck next time - oh wait, you don’t have any luck, do you Yuuji?”

“I’ll bet the God of Misfortune just really likes to pick on you.”

Well, If there was a God of Misfortune, Yuuji was going to find him, march right up to him, and punch him straight in the face. A nice, big “Fuck You” for screwing with Yuuji for his entire life.

Yuuji frowned at the cement beneath his feet. He wandered aimlessly, hands stuffed in the pockets of his hoodie, his bright red hood drawn up over his peachy pink hair. The sun was out, but it was cloudy, and with his streak of bad luck, the sky would open up and pour down on him in a second.

At least there wasn't anyone around; it meant no witnesses if he tripped or if a random squirrel flew out of a tree to attack him  again . He huffed to himself, warily eyeing the tiny fractures in the sidewalk and the little weeds springing through as if they’d wrap their roots around his ankles.

A glint off to the side caught his eye and Yuuji paused, turning his head to the source. A shiny silver coin rested off to the side in the grass, practically calling his name. It was an odd little thing with no writing on it, nothing except the engravings of a pair of lips, spread wide to reveal sharp rows of teeth and a long tongue hanging past them; a vicious grin if he had ever seen one. He blinked down at it, keeping his hands firmly in his pockets. He wouldn’t dare touch it; for all he knew, picking it up would be like sticking your hand in the fire, and from the weird design it bore, it was probably something cursed.

Still, he was curious, and as his honey brown eyes rose to take in the lush forest before him, he spotted another coin pressed into the dirt several feet away. He hesitated, sweeping his gaze around the area. Not another person was in sight. If this was some sort of prank, it was certainly a very puzzling one.

Almost cautiously, Yuuji stepped off the sidewalk and into the grass, wandering towards the second silver coin. It didn’t really look like currency, rather, something that might have been a piece of a cultic collection of some sort. It was honestly slightly unnerving, but Yuuji had never seen any trinkets like this before. He followed the trail they made, down into the thick of the woods, speculating about what they were, where they had come from, who made them and why.

Yuuji slowed as he saw the beginnings of a stone path. Graying cement overgrown with moss and weeds, littered with fallen leaves, yet still firm and unwavering against Nature’s harsh treatment. Another silver coin rested against the stone, glinting under the rays peeking through the thick canopy. His lips parted in awe and wonder as his warm brown eyes rose up, gazing at the tall, red gate rising above. The  torii seemed old, but stood proudly still, treetops fluttering in the breeze, brushing along the pillars that remained a deep red.

“A shrine.” He whispered to himself, lowering his gaze. Ahead in the distance, surrounded by trees, was the shrine itself. The small structure was no doubt aged, the wood faded, the roof slanted, and the stone foxes on either side of the entrance were coated in a layer of moss. The structure sat upon a platform of rounded bricks, the stairs rising gradually, shifting from stone to wood at the entrance, and a bell could be seen hanging above the small offering box. It appeared full of history, and to Yuuji, it was actually quite lovely. Its appearance seemed fitting for the forest around it, rays of light streaming past the breaks in the canopy, casting a majestic glow across the curved roof and the wooden pillars, which had old  shimenawa tied around them swaying zig zag papers rustling in the wind. It stood before him like a secret meant for only his eyes, beautiful and alluring as the wind stirred the leaves on the path and the birds sang faintly among the trees.

Yuuji abandoned any thought of the creepy coins as he strolled forward slowly, pausing before the gate as he slipped his hood down. He took a breath and shut his eyes gently, bowing respectfully for a peaceful moment. As he rose, he stepped forward with his left foot, taking care to stick to the side of the path instead of the center as he passed the threshold, a custom his grandfather had once told him of - the middle of the path was for the Gods to walk.

The wind turned cold around him as it began to blow harshly, whipping across his bare neck. The clouds shifted above, blocking out the warmth of the sun and casting a shadow across the shrine and the forest around him. The birds went silent, and suddenly, the endearing image was replaced by something almost sinister. Yuuji swallowed thickly, flicking his gaze to the shuddering trees around him. Slowly, the wind began to settle, but the clouds above were gray and thick, no doubt ready to rain soon.

He chewed his lower lip as he hugged his hoodie tighter around himself, continuing forwards towards the shrine. His steps along the path seemed so loud, even as they were muffled by the damp leaves. He strode carefully up the first set of steps, ignoring the chill that creeped up the back of his neck, like he was being watched.

It wouldn’t hurt to pray here  , Yuuji thought as he paused at the base of the steps, looking at the intricately carved pair of  komainu  resting proudly at the entrance. He raised his hand, carefully brushing away the plantlife clinging to the fox’s stone face with a tiny little smile.

“There you go, little one.” He hummed softly, making sure that the other was also clean and free of moss before he trekked up the steps once more.

Up close, the building was bigger, but still not as large as the shrines in the city. He hadn't known one existed out here until this moment, his gaze sweeping over the old wood steps as he judged their stability. He raised a tentative foot, placing pressure on the lowest step carefully. It didn’t splinter under his weight, so Yuuji went forth.

The wood did creak as he took his slow steps towards the offering box, an almost eerie sensation swirling around him. Yuuji brushed it away, trying to focus good thoughts towards the deity in hopes of improving his luck.

Yuuji exhaled slowly as he pulled his fingers from his pockets, fishing for yen to toss into the offering box. Yuuji’s fingers reached for the bell to ring it. The sound was deep and clear, echoing around him as he bowed deeply twice. He clapped his hands together twice and shifted into a third bow as silence settled over him, his eyes slipping shut to pray.

“How unusually respectful you are, brat.” A velvety voice purred, cracking the tranquil silence.

Yuuji gasped, jolting upright at the low voice, his heart seizing in his chest. Fear trickled down his spine like ice as he came face to face with a man.

A man who looked  exactly like him, from the soft caramel of his eyes to the rosy pink shade of his hair. Each of Yuuji’s facial features were mirrored, like he was gazing straight back at himself. Yuuji was frozen in his spot, eyes wide with horror and confusion at this.. this person who looked down at him with clear amusement, a smirk playing across his lips. He donned pure white robes with a thick, dark colored collar and a belt around his hips, standing right at Yuuji’s height.

“Who are you?” Yuuji asked in a tone that was barely above a whisper, his hands curling into fists, muscles tensing as he readied himself to fight.

The man with his face tilted his head innocently, but his eyes grew sharper as he flicked his gaze over Yuuji’s figure.

“Oh?” He raised a brow, his grin growing, flashing a set of dangerous fangs, “Are you scared of me, brat?”

Yuuji threw his fist forwards blindly, an instinctual reaction driven by the spike of fear and confusion swirling in his chest. He blinked, and the figure before him was gone. Yuuji could only stare at the empty space where the person had once been, heart racing.

“I’m sure you’d be even more afraid of my true form, runt.” The voice echoed around him, rough and deep, cackling laughter ringing out as Yuuji whirled around. His eyes frantically sought the source, but there was no definitive direction, it was merely all around him, surrounding him. “I thought it would be fun to take your image instead.”

“What are you?” He asked again, louder this time, clenching his jaw.

“I’m a “what” now instead of a “who”? What changed, brat?” The voice chuckled right in his ear, smooth and low. Yuuji swung his arm back, twisting around as his heart skipped wildly. No one was there. Yuuji shuddered. He swore he  felt the hot breath across his neck, cascading across the shell of his ear.

“I thought you’d be a little kinder to a God, brat, after all that respect you showed.” The voice came again and Yuuji spun around once more, dizzy and breathless as he stared at the man at the bottom of the steps in shock.

The devilish grin was back, and this time, their faces were not very similar.

Four crimson eyes bore into him, the second set placed atop his cheekbones under his first. They were rimmed with dark markings spread across the man’s cheeks, lines ending in sharp points at his chin. The markings were drawn across the bridge of his nose and his forehead as well, strange and symbolic. His features were sharper, masculine, handsome, and Yuuji was speechless. From his hair that still resembled his own soft pink sprouted two fox ears, sleek and white, tipped with red fur, and from behind him rose nine snowy white fox tails, swaying and flicking to their own accord; creating a bigger, more powerful image of whatever entity stood before him, claiming himself to be a God.

A Kitsune  , Yuuji’s mind supplied as his mouth hung open, hardly believing the sight before him. A kitsune, as he recalled from his grandfather’s tales, was a legendary being possessing paranormal abilities, such as shapeshifting to trick people.  The more tails they have, the older and wiser they are…  Yuuji bit down on his lip as he remained frozen in place, eyes wide as the spirit smirked up at him.  And.. because of their power and influence, some people make… sacrifices to them.

“Surely you must know of me, brat,” He grinned, raising his arms. The sleeves of his robes slid, revealing dark bands around his wrists. “No one would dare forget the name Ryoumen Sukuna.”

Sukuna. That name made Yuuji’s heart lurch in his chest.

Sukuna, the King of Curses. Sukuna, a being made of pure evil. Sukuna, the merciless deity feared by all.

“There it is.” Sukuna chuckled darkly, proudly, “That look tells me everything.”

“Get away from me.” Yuuji spat reflexively, his stomach twisting into knots. All the stories and tales, he had never believed them. They weren’t real, just simple folklore passed down to keep children in line.

Yet, here he was, standing at a forgotten shrine thousands of years old, staring down at Ryoumen Sukuna himself.

“That’s no way to speak to me, brat.” Sukuna’s eyes narrowed, bloody red irises searing through Yuuji’s very soul. “You’re the one who came here, to my shrine, to my domain,” He growled, the deep rumble shaking Yuuji’s core as he felt it in his chest. Sukuna’s tails waved behind him, swaying in irritation as his ears flicked back, “You prayed to  me .” He snarled viciously.

“I.. I..” Yuuji needed to get away, but he felt trapped, his feet glued to the floor of the shrine as Sukuna slowly stepped up the stairs, an agonizing pace that left Yuuji’s anxiety to skyrocket, his heart thundering in his chest as the King of Curses approached. He squeezed his fists tightly to stop his hands from shaking, a lump in his throat as he mustered his fiercest look, glaring at the kitsune spirit.

He stalked forwards like a predator, and Yuuji certainly felt like prey under those eyes. Sukuna rose to his full height in front of Yuuji, now several inches taller than before when his body was being mimicked.

“You know, whelp, I tried to show you some hospitality after you came to my shrine and displayed such reverence for me, but it seems as though it’s not appreciated.”

Yuuji growled and threw the hardest punch he could manage, lurching forwards to slam his fist into Sukuna’s cheek. Sukuna didn’t flinch as his palm caught Yuuji’s hand with ease, fingers curling over his tightly clenched knuckles. Yuuji stared up at Sukuna with a fiery rage that melted away into shock as a familiar grin took shape upon his lips. Fangs sharp, lips curled and his tongue spilling past them; the image on the coins Yuuji had followed.

“Well now, aren’t you entertaining?” Sukuna said mockingly, squeezing Yuuji’s hand, his dark nails digging into Yuuji’s skin. “I don’t think I’ve had this much fun in a while. Go ahead then, brat, amuse me.” He laughed, and Yuuji’s irritation flared. He wasn't a toy. He was going to punch this idiot kitsune right in his face, legendary King of Curses be damned.

“Shut up, old man!” He yelled, yanking his arm to back as he raised his leg in a swift kick. Sukuna’s laughter grated against his ears as his wild gaze bore straight into Yuuji’s own. Sukuna’s hand clamped around his ankle, halting his kick instantly. Yuuji’s other arm flew out to punch him but suddenly his leg was yanked, jerking him off his feet. The world around him blurred and he was swung around by the strong grip on his ankle, nausea swirling in his guts.

He came to a swaying stop upside down, gazing down at the concrete stairs that Sukuna held him over, dangling him like a toy as he chuckled again in that deep baritone.

“You’re quite the feisty one, brat.” He commented, and Yuuji tried to twist in his hold, flailing about. Sukuna’s grip was steady and unwavering, fingers pressing tight into his skin. “I like a little challenge. Do you want to try and run? Want me to hunt you down like an animal? Do you want to be chased like a poor little rabbit? You could never escape me,  Itadori Yuuji .”

Yuuji shuddered at the sound of his name in that tone, fear clutching his heart in an ice cold grip.  How did he know my name? What’s happening?

“Let go!” Yuuji cried, craning his neck to shoot a dark glare at Sukuna. “What do you want from me?!” His heart was pounding, adrenaline pumping, his fear of the unknown spiraling inside his chest as he tried to breathe evenly, dizzy and disoriented as Sukuna played with him.

“Oh Yuuji,” He murmured, his scarlet eyes glinting as he licked his lips, fangs shining dangerously. “I want everything from you.”

His fingers released Yuuji’s ankle and for a moment he was weightless, suspended in the air. The breath rushed from his lungs as gravity pulled him down, and his eyes squeezed shut as he tried to brace himself for the impact of the harsh ground. Instead of hitting concrete, he sank into a thick layer of bedding, his stomach lurching he bounced once, staring up at a darkened, endless red sky.

Sukuna stood above him, a hunger in his gaze that left Yuuji feeling exposed. His tails swished and waved eagerly as Yuuji’s eyes darted frantically around himself. There was nothing but the vast expanse of a stillwater sea, deep and dark and infinite. Behind him stood a large red shrine bearing a malicious maw of teeth and enormous spikes. Yuuji felt so small, gripping the bedding under his fingers as he turned to face Sukuna.

“What?” He breathed, lost and confused.

“You’re in my domain, Yuuji,” He said, positively delighted as he grinned down at the boy. “You’re mine now.”

Yuuji yelped as his ankle was snatched, Sukuna dragging him to the edge of the bed. Sukuna’s form hunched over him, barricading him in as the tails rose up around him, over his shoulders, casting shadows over his smaller figure lying beneath the kitsune.

“W-wait--” Yuuji gasped, but Sukuna was already diving in, fingers dragging the collar of Yuuji’s hoodie down so a hot mouth could latch onto his skin. He couldn’t stop a choked sound from spilling out of his throat as teeth grazed his throat, dragging dangerous fangs along his jugular, like Sukuna was toying with him.

Yuuji’s hands flew to Sukuna’s shoulders, clutching the white fabric as he tried to shove him away. Sukuna hardly budged, a wet tongue licking across his collarbones as Sukuna growled low in his throat, a rumbling that shook Yuuji’s chest; a warning.

“No!” Yuuji hissed, but his harsh tone faltered as Sukuna bit down, pinpricks of pain spreading down the side of his neck, his fangs just shy of piercing his skin. “S-stop,” He stuttered, biting down on his lip as Sukuna’s mouth moved over the column of his throat, pushing his tongue against Yuuji’s racing pulse. The foreign sensation sent a tingle down his spine, his traitorous dick giving an interested twitch inside his jeans.  Do something, moron! His mind yelled, but the voice was steadily being coaxed away by Sukuna’s expert mouth.

“I don’t think you want me to,” Sukuna purred against his neck, his hands sliding down to Yuuji’s legs, gripping his knees. Yuuji tensed, trying to squeeze his thighs together but Sukuna was stronger, prying his legs apart as he slotted a powerful thigh between them, right up against his dick. Yuuji tipped his head back with a stuttered gasp and Sukuna hummed, pleased at the noise.

“N-no, I-I…” Yuuji tried to get his words out, but his tongue felt like lead in his mouth. Sukuna’s lips slid up, across his jaw, nipping and licking and Yuuji was helpless, gripping the white kimono, face aflame. He met the lustful crimson gaze of the kitsune before he was being kissed breathless.

Yuuji couldn’t stop his soft, muffled whine against Sukuna’s lips, subconsciously tilting his head as one of Sukuna’s hands slid up to the nape of his neck, cupping it firmly and keeping him close. His lips worked expertly against Yuuji’s own, slick with spit as he pried the younger’s mouth apart and slipped his tongue inside. Yuuji moaned softly in his throat as he went boneless against Sukuna’s arms, his legs falling open when the hot, wet muscle slid against his own. Sukuna pressed his thigh against Yuuji’s core, rubbing his dick through the fabric of his pants, bringing forth more involuntary sounds Yuuji couldn’t keep back.

When Sukuna pulled away, grinning madly as a thread of saliva connected their mouths, Yuuji was panting, heat crawling down his neck as he gazed up at Sukuna. He whined as his nails scratched gently at Yuuji’s scalp, tugging his peachy pink hair lightly to expose more of his throat.

“What a good boy,” Sukuna purred, leaning back down to devour his mouth again. Yuuji keened at the praise, parting his lips once more to welcome Sukuna’s tongue. His fingers unclenched, his arms slipping up and around Sukuna’s neck to keep him close, gasping out soft little noises that the kitsune drank down greedily, biting at Yuuji’s lip with razor sharp fangs. Yuuji mindlessly rocked his hips against Sukuna’s leg, rutting against him, swimming in the heat and pleasure all across his body.  Feels good..

“Sukuna,” He huffed, feeling a teasing hand slip under his hoodie. He squeaked as Sukuna’s thigh jolted, rubbing along his hardening dick more firmly, choking back a louder groan as his fingers moved to tangle in Sukuna’s hair. He couldn’t help but want more, drowning in the heat sparking across his skin, pooling low in his core. He was too embarrassed to say it, but he cast a pleading gaze up at the kitsune, watching his nine tails sweep through the air behind him, each dancing in a playful way.

“You taste delicious,” Sukuna said against his skin, dragging heated lips over his collarbone as he pressed Yuuji into the plush bed. “Let me have more, Yuuji,” He murmured, and Yuuji’s eyes fluttered shut.

“Sukuna,” He breathed, shuddering under the fingers tracing his skin, slipping lower towards the waistband of his pants. Sukuna grumbled lowly under his breath, his ears pinned back against his head as he leaned away, glaring down at Yuuji’s clothes.

“Annoying.” He growled, and two strong hands gripped his pants and hoodie, tearing them apart effortlessly. Yuuji squealed, blushing fiercely as Sukuna ripped the fabric away from him, baring his body completely. His legs squeezed around a bulky thigh, arms crossing over his chest, instinctively trying to hide as Yuuji looked up nervously. Sukuna chuckled, fingers tracing along the outside of Yuuji’s toned thighs.

“You can’t hide from me, brat,” He rumbled, smirking down at the male as Yuuji’s heart stuttered. “I’ll consume all that I want from you.” He chuckled, low and silky, fingers slipping up to his hips and squeezing. Yuuji squirmed, a full body blush spreading across his skin that Sukuna watched appreciatively.

Sukuna leaned over him, his tails curling forward. Sukuna’s scorching tongue met his nipple and he shivered, a tiny noise spilling from his throat. He felt the brush of silken fur across his skin, lashes fluttering as he flicked his honey brown eyes towards one of the nine tails that traced along his calf. Battling sensations spread across his skin, from the wet heat of Sukuna’s mouth, the electric sparks of his leg nudging Yuuji’s dick, and the softness of Sukuna’s tails -- each of them drowning Yuuji’s mind in a haze of pleasure.

“ A-ah! ” Yuuji yelped as Sukuna’s teeth closed around his nipple, jolting underneath his body, clenching his thighs. Sukuna’s fingers slid across his ribs, splayed over his skin as they moved teasingly lower and lower, inch by inch. Yuuji craved that touch along his cock, muscles tensing in anticipation as he waited with a hitch in his breath for Sukuna’s hand to finally touch him there.

Sukuna pulled away, looking up at Yuuji’s blissful expression, taking in his flushed face with four eyes; each burning with desire.

“ Ahn, S-Sukuna…” Yuuji whined out, biting his lip as he canted his hips, attempting to create some friction for his neglected cock still hidden in his boxers. Sukuna only grinned at him, fingers clamping around his waist to halt his movements, drawing another pleading whine from him.

“Something you want, Yuuji?” He questioned innocently, holding Yuuji’s gaze with his own as he moved to nip across Yuuji’s chest, marking it with bright red splotches that would surely bruise.

“Pl-please!” Yuuji cried out, wriggling in Sukuna’s hold. His ears burned as he tossed an arm over his eyes. He couldn’t believe he was begging the King of Curses to get him off.

“Please what?” Sukuna hummed, thumbs rubbing firmly at his hip bones, shifting his thigh just a little to tease Yuuji. The younger let out a pathetic whimper. Sukuna knew exactly what he wanted and they both knew it.

“Please,” Yuuji gasped out in a soft voice, abandoning his pride. He peeked out from under his arm, meeting Sukuna’s very amused gaze. “T-touch me?” The voice from before was absolutely screaming at him, but he was already swept away, too far gone to care.

“So pretty,” Sukuna purred, grinning like the cat that caught the canary. “I’ll give you everything, little one.” He promised darkly, fingers skimming across Yuuji’s abdomen and hooking under the waistband of his underwear. In a swift movement, they were ripped away as well, and Yuuji could hardly react before Sukuna’s warm palm was wrapping around him.

“ Oh!  ” Yuuji’s back arched, fingers flying to grip Sukuna’s husky biceps. Sukuna stroked him slowly, pulling sighs and whines from Yuuji’s mouth. He never sped his pace up, keeping his teasingly subdued rhythm as he squeezed and rubbed Yuuji’s dick. Yuuji tried to buck his hips, craving more,  needing  more. “  A-ahn  , Sukuna  , ” He whimpered, tugging the white kimono he still wore.

“More?” He grinned, licking his lips slowly. “My, my, Yuuji, how greedy.” Sukuna’s eyes raked over his body before the hand around his dick slipped away. Yuuji whined, louder this time, ready to kick the smug kitsune in the head. Sukuna merely ignored him, undoing the belt of his kimono and letting it fall away from his shoulders.

Yuuji drank in the sight of chiseled muscles and more black markings lining his chest, his dick throbbing as his body burned hotter. His fingers twitched, aching to feel the ripple of muscle under his palm as Sukuna shifted. He swallowed thickly, practically drooling, watching Sukuna cast his white robes aside, his tails puffing back up as the clothing was discarded. Yuuji’s gaze fell to his cock; thick and long and mouthwatering, sending a shiver up his spine.  That’s not going to fit… there isn’t any way...

He nervously opened his mouth to speak, but Sukuna’s fingers gripped the back of his thighs, pushing his legs up and prying them apart, baring Yuuji fully. Yuuji let an embarrassing noise fall from his lips, his cheeks burning at the lewd position Sukuna put him in, hips raised slightly from the bed as Sukuna gazed down at him hungrily.

“I’ll eat you alive, little one.” Sukuna rumbled, leaning down with a darkened, lustful gaze. Yuuji shuddered as hot breath washed across his hole, his arousal spiking. His hand reached out, pushing into Sukuna’s locks nervously, his breathing ragged.

“Ah, w-wait, Sukuna, n-not--  AH! ” Yuuji cried out sharply as Sukuna’s tongue pressed against his hole, firm and hot and wet. Searing pleasure coursed through his veins, tingling its way up Yuuji’s spine as he tossed his head back, moaning loudly. Sukuna’s satisfied growl rumbled in his ears as he licked a hot stripe across Yuuji’s entrance, slathering his saliva across it messily. Yuuji’s legs shook, desperately attempting to clamp down on Sukuna’s head as the tip of his tongue pushed its way past the tight rim, wrenching another noisy moan from Yuuji.

Yuuji felt so filthy, feverish all over as he tried to keep his embarrassing noises to himself. He was failing miserably, the sensation of Sukuna’s impossibly long tongue shoving inside him, making him squirm. He was a mess on the bed, flushed and debauched with a hard, leaking cock.

“S-Sukuna- aah!  Ah! Oh,  god , please--” Yuuji whined out, babbling mindlessly, hips rocking against Sukuna’s tongue as he was fucked by it. One of Sukuna’s hands slipped away from his thigh, letting it drape across his shoulder as his fingers moved to press alongside his tongue. Sukuna’s mouth pulled away, a grin on his slick red lips as he replaced his tongue with a finger, slipping it inside Yuuji’s saliva-soaked entrance with a pleasured rumble.

“What a good little slut you are, Yuuji,” Sukuna murmured against the skin of his inner thigh, lips brushing wetly across the flesh there. Yuuji bit down on his lower lip, his hole clenching as Sukuna eased in a second finger, stretching him, the slight burn of pain mingling with the white hot pleasure he felt. “Such a perfect whore for me, only mine to play with like this.” Sukuna rumbled, sharp fangs nipping at the tender skin of his thigh, licking and kissing as he rubbed Yuuji’s slick inner walls. He chuckled lowly at Yuuji’s gasping, breathy whines and moans.

“Ah -- hah! mmn Sukuna!”  Yuuji’s dick throbbed at the praise, his heart stuttering at the mixture of sweet and dirty words.

“Don’t worry, pretty boy,” Sukuna said, humming as he spread his fingers, stretching Yuuji more. “I’ll work you open, make sure you can take all of my cock,” He trailed a scorching tongue up to Yuuji’s knee, fingers crawling up his calf to push his leg up. “I’ll stuff you full. You’d love that, wouldn’t you, filthy slut?”

Yuuji clenched at the pressure of a third finger, fingers digging into the bed sheets as he moaned again. Sukuna’s fingers pressed deeper, moving faster inside his messy hole, prodding his sensitive walls. Yuuji keened as Sukuna spread his legs apart wider, his eyes bright as he growled, shoving his fingers in harder, curling them with a dangerous grin on his lips.

“ AH! F-Fuck! O-Oh--” Yuuji cried out, tears springing to his eyes at the pure pleasure that crashed over his body in a fierce wave. Sukuna assaulted his sweet spot, tearing moans and cries from Yuuji’s lips at the maddening sensations, heat coiling up tight in his core.

“That’s a good boy,” Sukuna rasped, “Gonna take my cock so well, Yuuji, won’t you.” His fingers slowed and Yuuji whimpered, helpless and melted under Sukuna’s touch.

“Please!” He wailed, overwhelmed and on the verge of tears, casting a pleading look at the kitsune between his legs. “Sukuna, please, I-I want--” He choked up as Sukuna’s fingers teased over his prostate, hips jolting as his dick twitched.

“Say it, Yuuji,” He demanded. His tails swished, ears flicking, taking in every inch of Yuuji’s wrecked expression, devouring all that was offered to him as Yuuji mewled, clenching around his fingers.

“I-I need--” Yuuji hiccuped, reaching to latch his fingers onto Sukuna’s forearm, gasping for air. “P-please,  Sukuna,  f-fuh.. Give me your c-cock!” He sobbed.

“Beg for me, Yuuji,” Sukuna snarled, even as he slipped his fingers out, moving to grab his own cock with a low groan.

“Sukuna!” Yuuji wailed, his hole clenching around nothing. “Please, please, I want your cock, I-I need it, so badly, ah, Sukuna, f-fuck me, take me, anything  please I-- ” His words cut off with a choked moan as he felt the thick head press up against his ass, Sukuna’s fingers groping his hips and thighs, pulling him up and flush against the kitsune’s muscled body. Sukuna leered down at him, leaning over Yuuji as he purred. His long tails caressed Yuuji’s legs, some stretching to curl at his hips, smooth fur gliding across his heated skin pleasantly.

Sukuna let out a hiss as he pushed his dick past the tight ring of muscle, drawing a low groan from Yuuji as his head tipped back, air rushing from his lungs. Sukuna savored the delightful heat around his dick, growling and purring as he rocked his hips, pushing deeper every time.

“Big,  hah  , s-so..  mmn , full..” Yuuji breathed, shuddering, velvet heat squeezing deliciously around Sukuna’s cock as it slid into him. Sukuna dragged his tongue across his lips, watching with lustful hunger as Yuuji’s hand subconsciously drifted to his abdomen, pressing on his stomach like he could feel Sukuna’s cock all the way in his stomach. Sukuna would make sure to fuck the shape of his cock into Yuuji so he’d feel it all the time.

“So tight, Yuuji,” He murmured, sliding deeper until he was fully inside, leaning over Yuuji’s body beneath him. “Doing so good, slut, taking me so well,” Yuuji shivered and Sukuna lapped at his neck, at the rushing of blood he could practically taste under Yuuji’s skin, bracketing him in with his arms.

There was hardly a moment for Yuuji to adjust as Sukuna bit at his neck and started moving, his dick dragging in and out of Yuuji, huffing at the squeeze and pull around his cock like Yuuji’s hole wanted to keep him there forever.

Yuuji whined and keened beneath him, so very responsive as his fingers gripped Sukuna’s arms, exposing the bitten column of his throat as Sukuna’s hips snapped sharply. Sukuna grinned as a breathy moan was punched from his lungs, one of his arms sliding down to hook under Yuuji’s lower back, curving it up to press their hips together more firmly, changing the angle so he could thrust deeper.

Yuuji clung to Sukuna tightly, thighs squeezing around his trim waist as Sukuna fucked into him harder and harder, messy and slick and hot where their bodies connected. Yuuji was pliant beneath him, submerged in the feelings of his pleasure, fingers raking over Sukuna’s shoulders and back. The kitsune groaned against his skin and Yuuji whined in his ear.

“Sukuna,” He practically sobbed, lashes wet with tears as he was pressed into the mattress, filled with Sukuna’s cock over and over again.

“Fuck, Yuuji,” Sukuna snarled, and Yuuji was crying out as he buried his sharp fangs into Yuuji’s soft flesh, drawing hot, metallic blood that was sweet across his tongue. He groaned deep, eyes rolling back as he drove his dick deeper, hips slamming into Yuuji recklessly as he sucked and lapped his bloody bite mark. The bite on his neck gave way to a euphoric feeling, cascading across every inch of his body so intimately, a feeling so deep and so intense Yuuji couldn't put a name to it.

Yuuji cried and wailed, attempting to rock his hips back to meet each rough snap of Sukuna’s hips against his own, clenching down around his cock . He moaned and gasped, losing his voice as he screamed into Sukuna’s domain, so extremely overwhelmed and yet feeling like he couldn't get enough, pulsing pleasure crashing through his body.

“S-so good!” Yuuji wailed, his body jolting as Sukuna’s dick slammed right into his prostate. Sukuna rumbled with pleasure as Yuuji’s legs locked around his hips, desperate for him to keep that angle. “Please! Ah -- ah! O-oh, Sukuna, please, S-Sukuna!” He begged, helpless as Sukuna railed him into the bed, grunting and growling his own pleasured noises.

“I’ll give you all of it,” Sukuna rasped wetly, dragging his tongue across Yuuji’s sweaty neck, “Fill you up, Yuuji, breed you, stuff you with my pups--” He snapped, groaning as Yuuji clamped down around him with a sharp cry. He crushed Yuuji’s plush lips with his own, shoving his tongue inside, swallowing Yuuji’s moans and sobs as he was fucked raw and hard.

“Y-yes!” Yuuji mewled, blissed out and euphoric, “ Ahn--!  Sukuna, want you-- inside, p-please, ah, ah,  ah! F-fill me up, mmh--” Yuuji’s wrecked begging was smothered by Sukuna’s lips again, huffing hot breath against his face as their tongues slid against each others’, slick and filthy.

“That’s it, Yuuji,” He smirked, his velvet voice low and deep, “Cum for me. Be a good boy and I’ll give you what you want. Cum on my dick like you want to, slut.”

Yuuji could only cry out hoarsely, moaning as he came, spilling across his stomach with white hot pleasure searing through his veins. Sukuna moaned darkly at the feeling of Yuuji’s hole squeezing his dick, pulsing as he orgasmed.

“Good boy, Yuuji, so beautiful, perfect--” He grunted, muscles tensing as he fucked Yuuji hard and fast, chasing his pleasure. “Gonna breed you, baby, knock you up with my kits, Yuuji,  fuck ,” He snarled, fingers digging into Yuuji’s hips as he slammed in deep, shocks of pleasure racing up his spine as he pumped Yuuji full of his cum.

Yuuji let out a breathless little noise, falling boneless against the bed as Sukuna rumbled against him, the pleasurable purr resonating all around him. Yuuji’s sated mind and body tingled with the aftershocks, thoroughly fucked and drained. The wound on his neck throbbed, but Yuuji hardly noticed as Sukuna nuzzled against him, soothing his tongue across the sore spot. Yuuji hummed softly, his arms hooked around Sukuna’s shoulders. A tail brushed across his arm and Yuuji stretched his fingers to pet it. Sukuna flicked it back and forth, basking in the attention as Yuuji slowly stroked the fur.

He could barely keep himself awake. The warmth pouring off their bodies and the deep satisfaction in his bones, paired with Sukuna’s rather adorable little purr only served to lull him to sleep.

“Mine.” He heard Sukuna’s silky voice murmur against his ear, and Yuuji could only make a soft noise of contentment as he succumbed to his exhaustion.

When Yuuji awoke, he was resting on the wooden floor of the shrine.

Blearily, he pulled his eyes open and sat up slightly, dazed. Thick fabric hung off his body and when he looked down, he found himself covered in a familiar white kimono. He blinked slowly, blushing fiercely as he recalled his memories. The soreness in his ass and along his neck was all the proof he needed.

Yuuji sat for a moment, bundled in Sukuna’s white robes, listening to the wind whistle through the trees and the birds singing faintly. He reached his fingers up, brushing them along the tender bite mark, tracing the imprint of Sukuna’s fangs. A twinge of heat curled low in his belly and he couldn’t stop himself from giggling like some schoolgirl.

As he wobbled to his feet, slow and unsteady, Yuuji couldn’t help but think that he had most certainly lucked out now. He thanked whatever deities were smiling down on him for their gracious gift of luck, allowing himself his own secret smile as he felt the weight of a certain crimson gaze on his figure. He kept the robes tight around his body as he stumbled his way down the path, bowing one final time at the gate as he passed through, the quiet promise of his return on his lips.