The room burst open with a whirlwind of motion, as Pro Hero Deku dragged his partner roughly into the apartment, babbling out apologies as he slammed past his furniture and kicked open the door to his room with far more force than was ever necessary. The man at his side, sweating and groaning in his grip, gave him a shove as he yanked his arm away from over his shoulder, stumbling towards the bed as he threw his flared black mask off.

That was when Midoriya faltered, grabbing hopelessly for the pack at his belt in a vain attempt to figure out what to do.

Everything had been perfectly fine, until now. They'd just succeeded in a battle downtown, something pretty standard considering the day. The both of them had gotten a little roughed up in the scuffle but no more than usual. In fact, at the time, it had been almost exciting to see the light in Bakugou's eyes as he climbed to his feet after being knocked back, manic sneer spreading across his face as he launched himself forward. That was when the fight had ended itself in a bang, quite literally, the villain tossing something at them that sent a violent gush of sweet pink gas up into the air. Bakugou had disappeared within the cloud of it for literally only a moment before he had blasted it and the cloaked man away with a triumphant scoff.

After that, they had proceeded with their day. A few fans had mobbed the area, watching with absolute delight in their eyes, so, of course, the Duo went to greet them, entertaining them for as long as they could as the police took their time to file into the area.

That was, when, suddenly-- Kacchan had grabbed one of them, diving in for a random kiss.

Even the memory of it was mortifying.

The fiasco had been squared away quickly afterwards. Midoriya, reflexes fast as ever, had snatched Bakugou away before their lips could connect, and the fangirl in question spend the rest of the time in their presence squealing about how it was the 'best day of her lifeohmyGOD' . The little group had promised to keep it between them (though God knows how long that would last with social media around nowadays) and that, that was when Bakugou finally admitted to feeling a little 'strange'.

'Strange' was kind of an understatement.

And, needless to say, Midoriya was... only slightly... fucking furious.

"You should have told me!" he snapped as Bakugou toddled around the room for a moment almost aimlessly, looking around like he barely recognized his own home. "You know, I almost wouldn't believe you would be this irresponsible if you didn't do this every damn time , Kacchan! Being partners means more than me just having the honor of being in the same fight as you, okay?!"

"Mm." Bakugou grunted. He was doing something that Midoriya couldn't see as he started to pace back and forth, gripping at his dark hair in a panic as anxiety gripped his heart and mind.

"I don't know how you can be so calm. We don't know what that stuff was or what it could've done to you-- it's been like, what, twenty minutes?" Midoriya stopped short, pressing a knuckle to his temple as he started to think. "I-- we have to call the police, see if we can interrogate the man who, oh, no, maybe the hospital first, whatever it was has surely started to pass through your bloodstream if it was really the thing to make you-- do you feel sick? Feverish? Why are you--"

Midoriya stopped short, eyes wide as he stared at his partner.

Uh.

Okay.

Why... did he have handcuffs out?

"I know what it is," Bakugou mumbled -- was he blushing?! -- as he drew them from his bag and started to attach them to the bedpost. "It's that... that sex dust shit," he explained as curtly as he could.

"That what--"

"You know!" Bakugou snapped back at him. "That stupid fucking shit that turns your brain into fuck-bunny mush? Until you attack the closest fucking person like a goddamn horny lunatic? That sex dust shit." He scoffed. "Can't believe you're making me have to explain it."

"What...?!" Midoriya's cheeks turned pink. "But-- but that's illegal--!"

Bakugou gave him a long look.

"I-- I mean," he stammered. "That-- that was outlawed, like, decades ago, how could it even still be out there?!"

"You're acting this naive because you want to piss me off, aren't you?"

Midoriya gulped and looked away, thoughts flying and bashing around in his brain like little cannonballs. This was ridiculous, it couldn't be true! But-- but the almost-kiss from before, it would explain it, and, oh god , if he attacked the closest person, and, and he was the only other person in the room--...!!? Embarassment and horror immobilized him to the spot until he heard a sudden click and jumped, his eyes darting to seek the source of the sound.

"... There." His hands fumbled shakily as he did it, but finally, after a long moment, Bakugou had managed to close the silver cuffs around his wrist, and Midoriya tried hard not to swallow in a way that was clearly audible.

Right. Of course.

That... wasn't totally hot at all. Nope. Not even a little.

With an annoyed grunt, Bakugou plopped down onto the bed and stared at him with a frown on his face. "Fuck, try not to look so terrified," he muttered, starting to scowl. "It's nothin'. Coupla hours, not even. And I'm fine. Good as new."

"If it were nothing, you wouldn't need restraints," Midoriya whispered, his voice reaching a pitch he never even knew he could get it to. He almost wanted to add how badly he wanted a matching set, but he didn't dare let the thought free, lest acknowledge that.. unspoken little dark side of him that almost, almost, found the sight in front of him, and the idea currently being presented to him, a tad bit... enticing.

"Yeah. Well," he huffed, either not seeming to notice the shift in tone or choosing to ignore it. "Shit'll get fuckin' hairy, what can I say." Bakugou glared hard at the wall, decidedly not looking his way as he tried to look as unruffled as he probably wanted to make himself believe. "... Don't overthink this, yeah? If I'm telling you it's nothing, it's-- it's fucking nothing."

"Right." He bit his lip. "...whatever you say." Midoriya shifted where he stood for a few moments, uncomfortable in the silence, and then vaguely tried to reach for his phone. "So, um, I guess, uh, hospital--? Or-- find some sort of, um, escort--... service--"

"Haah?!" Bakugou snapped, an offended jolt making him nearly leap off the bed. "Fuck no!"

"Um, wha--"

"You don't think I've been humiliated enough today?! Nearly doing that to a fucking stranger," Bakugou grumbled, aggressively rubbing at his face like he wanted to wipe his blush clean off it. "Don't need any other fucking witnesses, no thank you."

"But." Midoriya stared at him some more, eyes wide as dinner plates. His mouth went strangely dry. "But don't you have to--"

"I'm not bringing anyone else into this." Bakugou returned his stare hard, red eyes fiery and challenging. "And I'm not going nowhere."

"....oooooookay...!" Midoriya robotically turned on his heel. "Well, I should get going--"

"Where the fuck do you think you're going!?"

"T-to--" Midoriya's voice fizzled out into a high squeak. "To my..."

"You're really going to leave me here to deal with this on my own?!"

"W-w-well I ca-can't see h-how I would help in the s- s-situ-- situation, Kacchan--" Midoriya stammered, fighting through the flustered daze filling his mind. "We don't--"

Bakugou raised an eyebrow at him. "We don't what?"

Midoriya gawked at him. "We don't do that!"

"Yeah, well."

Midoriya waited for him to continue, but Bakugou only shrugged at him.

"... Well?!"

"Well... that's it! I don't know what you want me to fucking say, Deku!" Bakugou was definitely turning red, and was definitely hating the fact that he was doing it, because he was refusing to look his way again, pretending to inspect the cuff on his wrist as he restlessly tugged at it. "I can't just..." He shook his head, suddenly tense. "Look, this isn't exactly fucking easy for me, alright?!"

Midoriya flinched at that, sympathy suddenly panging in his heart. "... Okay," he murmured, surrendering himself in his entirety right there and then.

"I can't just," Bakugou gestured angrily, not noticing his change in resolve. "... with fuckin' anyone."

"Okay..."

"So can you just," Bakugou was continuing, even though he didn't have to, "... fucking stay."

"... of course. Kacchan." Midoriya smiled weakly at him. "Who would I be to say no to you, huh?"

His cheeks went bright red, but Bakugou just made a scoffing sound under his breath. "Whatever," he mumbled.

"Right. Um." Taking off his gloves and equipment and placing it on his desk, Midoriya came over slowly, stepping forward like he was approaching a wild animal, until he sunk down on the other end of the bed across from Bakugou. "So, um."

Bakugou was glaring at the wall again. Particularly at a little burn mark that Midoriya couldn't help but wonder what the story behind it was. "Shut up," he snapped. "You better not... better not make this fuckin' weird, you shittyass nerd--"

Midoriya grimaced but he tried his best to twist the expression into a smile before he could notice. "I'll try my best." He couldn't help but laugh. "It's already a little weird though."

"Shut up."

"I just mean, it just wasn't in my schedule to just start, y'know... kissing on you and stuff," he laughed again, feeling giddy in his nervousness. Like a teenager stumbling through a whole mess of firsts in one night while their parents slept in the other room. All he could do was keep trying to lightly tease him to stave off his awkwardness, and maybe, hopefully, make himself seem charming. "I would've liked it if we had actually gone to dinner first, like we planned. Tonight was ramen night..."

"Oh my god. Shut up." Bakugou tried to kick at him, unamused. "It's not like I fucking wanna, I just--"

"I know." Midoriya forced another smile, the humor suddenly gone from his body. That had hurt far, far more than he'd liked. "I know that."

"You're just doing what you have to do," he grunted out, ignoring his reaction. "But, but not a second before that, alright? I'm not here to get your perverted fuckin' rocks off."

Midoriya nodded tightly at that. The reminder that Bakugou couldn't possibly actually want him was unnecessary, and unwanted, and suddenly had him feeling terrible. It was like, by even daring to be excited for even a second, he had been the one to dole this drug into his blood in the first place. Suddenly, all he wanted to do was disappear into the floor, where he and his secret need for his partner could never bother him again.

"Sorry," Midoriya said under his breath, though, as he looked up, he could see that Bakugou clearly wasn't even tuned in to what was happening, his mouth half covered in what was almost a hilarious imitation of Midoriya's own little bad habit.

"I bet I could wait it out anyway," Bakugou was mumbling to himself, his own embarassment clear as he hiked his hand up to cover more of the blush covering his cheeks. "It's just a dumb chemical, how strong can it be? Yeah. Let's just wait this out. I don't need to like--"

"Uh huh."

The two fell silent.

With the very last scrap of his dignity, Midoriya made a motion towards his things and got off the bed, wandering towards his phone so he could check the time and see how much of it had elapsed. It had really only been like five minutes, but it had felt like an entire awkward goddamn century. "It'll be a half hour soon," he called out.

With one last grunt, Bakugou shrugged at him, then allowed the uncomfortable quiet to fill the room once more as he stared off into nothing. That was when Midoriya finally realized just how hard he was trying to control himself, noticing the miniscule twitches that begged at his arms and legs until he crossed them firmly and squirmed where he sat, sweat popping onto every showing surface of his skin.

He must have been really trying, for his sake. In a weird way, it was kind of sweet. ... Or he was just really embarassed. Either way, the little gestures he watched tugged at his heart a little.

"... thank you, for trusting me with this," Midoriya breathed out shakily, which only caused Bakugou to scoff and try his best to twist into a comfortable enough position to lay down, throwing his free arm over his eyes like he was about to attempt to take a nap. Like he could really seriously just sleep off a weirdly sexy biochemical weapon.

... It was almost funny, if it didn't make his insides twist in three different directions.

This was such a flawed plan.

Honestly, Midoriya just couldn't figure out why Bakugou had chosen him to... what could he even call this? Supervise? Assist? ...to 'bear witness' to this particular event. The ideas of heroes having to patch each other up wasn't exactly a new one. Even with hero insurance and every other benefit that came with the business, sometimes it was easier to just deal with things on your own, which was the only way he could possibly understand what Bakugou was going for. They've stitched each other up plenty, at this point, or tended to each other when they were concussed, or--

... Actually, there was this hilarious time where Bakugou had been high off his ass on painkillers that he could remember. That had been a fun couple of hours. So fun that he'd been completely banned by his partner from ever discussing it, but he had plenty of secret videos documenting the conversations they'd had.

Although, speaking of videos, he really hoped no one had taken any of the debacle from earlier. Bakugou suddenly smooching on fans was definitely something that didn't need to be getting out there. In fact, it probably was wise to keep this between the two of them, he thought as he glanced over at the bed again. No one else needed to see the incredibly erotic way Bakugou's muscles tensed and flexed as he stretched over the covers, or the way his chest rose and fell with his shaky breaths, his plush, pink lips parting beautifully with every one as he started to pant--

You're staring , Midoriya thought frantically to himself, freezing suddenly. Stop staring! You're being perverted!

... But was it perverted to want to adorn the room in candles as red as Bakugou's eyes, with smoke spilling into the air to make it as hazy as his lust-drunk gaze? How sinful could it be to want to sprinkle rose petals on the bed and press them over his sculpted body, or to ache for an orchestra of violins to sing under the sound of his moans? ... When did his thoughts start getting so absolutely, embarassingly cheesy...?

"Jesus," Bakugou swore out of nowhere, making him jump as he snapped back to reality. "This feels like shit."

"Um," Midoriya uttered, nervous. "What... what does it feel like? Does it hurt?"

Bakugou chose to answer him with a long, long stare, expression deceptively mysterious as ever. "'Feel' like?" he finally started slowly, his voice a low drawl. "It's like any other time you've gotten me hard, Deku."

Midoriya forced away a squeak. What the hell!

"Y-you don't mean th--"

"Oh, I mean every word," Bakugou cut him off, licking his lips until, suddenly, he froze with his tongue still comically poking out, like he just realized what he was doing, and what he had just said. "Oh. Fuck."

The silence was deafening. Suddenly, Midoriya couldn't breathe, as he watched Bakugou blink slowly, succumbing to some inner fight within him, his body moving like liquid steel as he pushed himself into a sitting position. The handcuffs gave out a lewd little rattle as he moved that only seemed to bring Bakugou deeper into... whatever-the-fuck-this-was-ohmygod.

It was probably one of the sexiest things he had ever fucking seen.

Bakugou met his eyes, and even from where Midoriya was standing, he could see how dark they were. His pupils were absolutely blown, his eyes heavy, slipping half-closed as a drunk smile started to pull at his lips, his tongue lazing out to swipe over them once more.

"Ah, Kacchan...?" Midoriya found himself breathing out.

Another blink. Bakugou leaned forward like he almost wanted to pitch himself off the bed and throw himself at him, and the handcuffs rattled again, then clinked hard as they reached their limit, straining against their metal links as he pulled, and pulled, and the heavy bed under him moved a sudden, jarring inch with a screech of wood against the floor.

... It would be a lie to say that Deku had never felt fear when faced by a villain, but... never before had he quite felt so much like prey. Like Bakugou wanted to absolutely devour him until there was nothing fucking left, and Midoriya would absolutely fucking let him without a second thought.

When Bakugou finally stopped moving, succumbing to the weight keeping him down, Midoriya was just left staring at him with wide eyes, half-hard in his pants, and he almost looked confused as he glanced away and then automatically back towards him like he couldn't stand to not look at him.

"I just feel like I want to..." He swallowed. "Shit."

Midoriya flinched. Being the only sane and sober one in the room, he had to think about the ramifications of this, everything that it implied, everything that it meant for their relationship from that point on. This was not a Kacchan that was thinking straight. This was a Kacchan under the influence who had been tricked into an unfortunate situation, and Midoriya was just the unfortunate sap he was stuck with. Why, partaking in this scandal would be playing right into the villain's hands! It would be taking advantage! It would be--

"Fuck," Bakugou moaned, his head falling back, his neck exposing itself, his lashes starting to flutter as he gasped out with an insistent jut of his hips. "Deku--"

"Oh."

It was... everything he's ever wanted and more.

Of course the situation wasn't ideal. But who was he to deny this truth about himself? Of course he's imagined it before. Bakugou Katsuki was... an incredibly attractive man, debately the most handsome man he knew, and he's spent, quite honestly, decades discovering and rediscovering and rediscovering over and over just how goddamn sexy he found him. He had a whole array of fantasies he'd long since memorized about the first time they would kiss, the first time they would make love, how his body would look and how his name would sound coming out of his mouth. He'd just-- never expected it like this--

...with handcuffs--

...and... drugs...

Well, the handcuff part was a lie, but the drugs--

"Deku--" Bakugou uttered more insistently, sounding clearer than he had just moments before. "You fuckin' listening..?"

Midoriya gulped. "Sorry."

"Get my other hand." Bakugou's voice strained to stay normal, but there was a sensual edge that dragged it into a gruff thickness that Midoriya couldn't help but feel intoxicated listening to. "I don't wanna--"

Midoriya tore his eyes away to look at the hand Bakugou had splayed at his side like he'd forgotten how to move it, his palm up and fingers flexing instinctively with the little sparks that were going off, popping happily into the air. "Oh my god," he gasped as he rushed to help, brushing embers off the covers as quickly as he could before they caught. "Is that why you--"

Bakugou swallowed tightly, Adam's apple bobbing. "Don't wanna hurt you."

Oh my god I'd be so fine with you hurting me though, he found himself thinking instantly, immediately followed by a What the!?

Where'd a thought like that come from?

This isn't about your fantasies, Izuku! he mentally berated himself.

... Besides... that'd be for a different date.

Maybe.

God, this was weird. And now wasn't a time to (re)discover his masochistic side.

Placing a knee on the bed so he could gingerly lean over it, Midoriya reached up, carefully unlatching the cuff from the post and adjusting it a little so the chain wrapped around it. "Um. Raise your arm," he instructed, blushing as Bakugou listlessly followed his instructions -- which was hot, very hot, undeniably hot -- and then he looped the second cuff around his wrist. It clicked shut, and Bakugou couldn't keep himself from shuddering suddenly like a jolt of electricity had grazed his skin.

"Fuck," he groaned, hips jolting forward into air and desperately seeking contact, straining towards his knee. "Oh fuck. Oh... oh--"

Midoriya froze. He kept his fingers circled around Bakugou's wrist, feeling the heat thrumming from his skin and feeling his own heart jacking up in response. It was hard to believe it was only Kacchan that was being affected by the drug, because he couldn't think straight, not with the way Bakugou had his face turned away from him, a delicious red flush decorating his skin, his breath light and shallow and his teeth teasing at his bottom lip as he just barely glanced at him from the corner of his eyes, somehow shy and coy at the same time.

Bakugou shifted - he hadn't stopped moving in a while, he suddenly realized, and he could only watch him mesmerized as he watched his legs twitch apart, inch by inch, hiking up as he desperately searched for sensation.

And... wow. He really was kind of completely on top of him, huh? He hadn't even realized it, but their proximity was so much closer than it was a second ago; Bakugou was literally practically under him, panting like a dog in heat and -- oh god, that thought was way too on the nose, wasn't it??? He felt horribly awkward just hovering over him, watching every bead of sweat as it formed and gathered into a delicate sheen over his skin.

He wanted to lick him. He wanted to touch him. He wanted--

"Deku," Bakugou mumbled hoarsely. A tremor passed through him that made him hiss through his teeth. "Idiot. Why aren't you--"

"B-because," Midoriya mumbled right back at him, still frozen. His mind reached frantically for an excuse, for the real reason as to why he was stalling. "Um, you haven't really technically consented to--"

"Oh God." Bakugou shuddered again, though this time it seemed born more out of anger than anything else. "You're a fucking dumbass moron-- This isn't the time for--"

"I can't be responsible for hurting you," he whispered shakily, trying to keep the guilt from his voice. "I can't be the one to give you that kind of... trauma--"

"Trauma?!" Bakugou spat back. "Are you fucking kidding me-- You know how this stuff works--"

"Which is why--" Midoriya winced. "Why it's important that I-- this stuff makes you into someone you aren't to get what you don't actually want and I just want to be sure, because-- because we're not--"

"Oh, fuck you...!" Bakugou snarled, and Midoriya grimaced at the little blasts that discharged from his palms in his sudden rage. "What do you know about what I actually want?" he demanded, spit flying from his mouth. "How many more fucking ways do I have to say this is okay?! I already said it couldn't be anyone but you--"

"Kacchan--" Midoriya choked out, surprised considering that wasn't exactly what he had said--...

"What else do you want from me?! You wanna know that I jerk off to you every other day!? That I fucking wake up," Bakugou groaned a little like the sensation - or the memory of it - had taken him by surprise, hard as a slap, and then he rolled his hips up into the air, moaning as he talked. "Fucking coming all over myself, just from dreaming about you at night?! Wanna know how many times I've sneaked a peek at you in the locker rooms, Deku? You want a goddamn number? Or would you rather know how much I wonder what I can get away with if I just fucking pushed you against a goddamn wall in front of everybody--"

Midoriya inhaled sharply through his nose. "Oh my--"

"But, all this time, I held myself back-- because--"

"You--" Midoriya was blushing again, almost mortified for his sake. "You really don't have to tell me this--"

"Because it was too late, and I get  that, it's fucked up to even think we could, that you would even want to--" He yanked at the handcuffs again, whining out in distress as he arched his back, desperately trying to close the distance between them. "You think some shitty stupid drug is gonna make me lie and shit about--"

Midoriya pressed their foreheads together, and Bakugou stopped with a gasp, going limp against the bed in an instant. Swallowing hard, Midoriya just willed his eyes to close, feeling the delectable way Bakugou was shivering under him. He felt warm. Warm, and perfect, and, if he could indulge for the moment, his.

Even if this wasn't the right way it should be. Even if there were no candles or roses. It was the two of them, and maybe...

"... You do have a fever," he murmured.

"What are you doing?" Bakugou demanded shakily, his voice weak with want.

"I wanna know how it feels," Midoriya said softly. "I want to know you're in control, and that I'm not hurting you, because I can't. Kacchan. You're too important to me, I can't... fuck this up. Whatever this is."

Bakugou frowned, breathing hard. "This  isn't anything," he grunted. " This... is... it's a conversation we can have afterwards, alright!? Make me better."

Midoriya pressed his lips into a thin line. His hands ached to touch him, but he kept them stubbornly at his sides. "Only if you tell me."

Bakugou fell silent. His hands flexed, twisting where the cuffs held him. "It's," he breathed out. "It feels really good. You. Being close to me. Right now." He swallowed. "Please don't move away."

His heart leaped into his throat. "I won't."

"Nn..." Bakugou bit his lip, eyebrows furrowing as he shut his eyes tightly. "Start- starting to hurt. Do something."

"Slowly," Midoriya promised. "And you have to keep talking to me, okay? I wanna know you're coherent. I've read about this stuff--"

"Then you should know I don't have much longer," Bakugou snapped, but all the anger in his body seemed sapped away permanently by their proximity. "I can't-- afford slow right now, you fucking-- wasted all this fucking time talking, touch me--"

"Slowly," Midoriya whispered again, and he let his hand caress Bakugou's cheek, cupping his jaw gently. "... I'm gonna take care of you..."

Bakugou only whimpered at that, leaning forward desperately, blindly seeking his mouth, and Midoriya couldn't help but pull away a little to tease him, giggling deliriously at the bitten off scream Bakugou nearly let out in reply. He didn't mean to be cruel about it really, he just... couldn't believe...

Midoriya inhaled shakily, steeling himself, and then he touched his lips to his, almost gasping as he did. He almost hadn't expected the kiss to be so... soft . Bakugou whined out under his breath as he returned it, and a warm chill tickled up his spine as he let himself melt into the gentle wetness of his lips. The way their mouths fit together so perfectly seemed to stun them both for only a moment, and then Bakugou fucking mewled against his lips, spreading his legs open all the more as he kissed him frantically, Midoriya eagerly returning the motions with a muffled moan of his own as he slotted himself between them.

"Deku," Bakugou mumbled against his lips, and then he was licking open his mouth and Midoriya could feel his nerves singing as their tongues slipped wetly against each other. "Deku," Bakugou was saying again, and then his teeth was nipping against him and Midoriya let out a hiss at how delicious that tiny little pinch of pain felt. "Deku--"

"... yeah...?" he finally slurred out, burying his hands further into his hair as he tried to deepen the kiss even more.

"Touch," Bakugou snapped breathily. "Touch me. Touch me . Fuck, Deku, now--"

"Okay, okay!" Midoriya tried to untangle his fingers from the lush locks he wanted to spend the rest of his days touching, shy as he dragged his hands down Bakugou's chest. His pecs were-- There weren't words. "Um. But. You're a really good kisser--"

Bakugou made a sound like he'd been punched straight in the gut as Midoriya massaged the firm swells of his chest, wriggling with a gasp as he pinched a nipple through the waxy fabric of his costume. "Nn- not the time--" he grit out, lashes fluttering again.

"I just think, um--" A longing too strong to ignore struck him suddenly, his mouth watering at the thought of just letting his head dip into Bakugou's chest and going to town for hours on end. "...Hopefully, haha--" He dug two fingers under the orange cross and tugged downwards, exposing more tanned, glistening skin that he automatically dove for, lapping away with wild abandon before he murmured shyly against his skin, peeking upwards, "We...we should do this more often--"

When he looked up, Bakugou looked absolutely debauched . A constant tremble passed through him, his hooded eyes glassy and wet, and his breath was ragged as he squirmed under Midoriya's touch, rocking his hips hopelessly into the air. "I'm really gonna kill you after this," he whispered with not even a fraction of bite in his words as he canted his hips again, whimpering at the slight, slightest friction. "Fucking... kill you, hurry up--"

Midoriya couldn't help but stare at where his pants were tented and wet, pre-cum seeping through the black fabric that strained around his clothed, twitching cock. "Sorry." Midoriya brought his hands to Bakugou's thighs, nervously rubbing them a little. "... This may be hard to believe, but I've never done this before."

Bakugou only just managed to curl his lips into a smirk. "I believe that."

"I mean, I've done it," Midoriya argued, flushing red. "Just, not, not with a boy. Not with, haha, my childhood friend, I mean--"

"Deku, I am literally going to go into cardiac fucking arrest if you don't touch my fucking dick already--"

"Okay!" Midoriya squeaked. He wished he could stop his hands from shaking as he undid Bakugou's zipper, mouth watering as he uncovered his swollen cock and oh-

"Oh my god, whoa--"

It was incredible. Thick and dripping, a silky wet stream dribbling from reddened tip to sopping base. It was an insanely filthy display, a literal wet dream come true. Gasping, he had his hands wrapped around him in an instant, absolutely fucking falling in love with the way his cock throbbed in his hand in response, veins twitching against his palm as another thick pulse of liquid slipped free and slid over his fingers. "You- you're so   hard --"

"Mmf--" Bakugou's hips snapped up. "Shut up."

"No, seriously." Midoriya gave him an experimental stroke, grinning a little as Bakugou moaned out, long and hard. "Does... does that hurt? Does it feel good, am I doing it right?"

"Stop talking--" Bakugou groaned, yanking on the handcuffs as his back strained for more. "Ruining the moment."

Midoriya stopped his hand for a moment, pouting. "If you don't talk to me--"

Bakugou suddenly knocked his head back against the headboard, the loud thump of it making Midoriya jump. "Oh my god-- " he practically yelled out. "Oh my god, can you please!"

Then, he groaned and shuddered like the word had triggered something deep inside him, and Midoriya could literally see the exact moment his mind collapsed apart into nothingness, his eyes going black with lust in an instant, pupils stretching all the more to eat up all the crimson he'd fallen for long ago. The tension bled out of him in a split second, sex-dumb smile creeping back onto his face as his gaze zeroed in on him like he was only just noticing him for the first time. "Please . Deku. Please," he whispered, his voice dissolving into a trancelike lull as he started to fuck wetly up into the limp grip of his hand, jerking his hips hard into his fist with every word. "Want you. Please. Give you anything. Please..."

"Mm." Midoriya slowly but steadily started to stroke again, trying to swallow down the strange mix of horror and arousal that suddenly surged in his gut. He didn't know what what was scarier, a mindlessly feral Bakugou or the idea of any one but him having their way with him. "You have me," he murmured back to him, leaning close and kissing him again as he tried to coax him back to coherency. "Stay with me, 'kay..."

It took a long moment of listening to Bakugou's ragged breaths in his ear as his hand pumped over his cock before he was finally nodding along with him, swallowing hard with his voice pitching in a way that sounded far too close to a sob. "I'm with you," he finally whispered back.

Midoriya kissed the shell of his ear. "Talk to me, keep talking..."

Bakugou shuddered again, writhing. "It- it hurts, it feels so good--" He hissed, moaning as Midoriya rolled a thumb over the purpling head of his cock, pressing it against his weeping slit. "Shit... f-feel like I'm going fucking crazy, ahh--"

It was a few more long moments of that, Bakugou babbling quietly as Midoriya stroked him along, until he finally gave out a little huff.

"Your stamina is incredible ," Midoriya commented, marveling at Bakugou's strength. It barely seemed like it, but the blond truly was fighting every moment right now for consciousness, wasn't he? "It must be because your Quirk requires so much to keep it up, right? Or is it just because of your work out? You know, I never actually, like, looked up if there were really a coorelation or if it's just a lot of practice, but my theory is that--"

"I really hate you," Bakugou interrupted sourly.

Midoriya pursed his lips, shutting up instantly. A second of annoyance purred an evil thought into his head.

... Kacchan is at your mercy~...

"Hm," Midoriya hummed, the tone edging on a dark note. "Would you still hate me if I did this ?" he asked, suddenly giving his dick a squeeze and a twist , and Bakugou jerked, choking out a gutteral "guuh?!" in response.

"Or, maybe," Midoriya wriggled himself away, jacking him off fast to keep him sated for the moment as he lowered his face towards Bakugou's lap, ignoring how quickly his heart was beating. "If I did... this?" Sucking in a breath in anticipation, he stuck out his tongue and dragged it along the leaking head of his cock, his tongue twisting circles around it like it was a lollipop before he delicately sucked it clean.

"Fu-- uuh--ck--" he heard from above him, and he couldn't help but grin to himself as he glanced up to see Bakugou writhing mindlessly, sputtering for breath, his tongue practically hanging from his mouth as he drooled from the pleasure, saliva slipping down his chin onto his chest.

Midoriya grinned to himself for another moment before he started to smear his lips up and down the length of his dick, kissing and licking away the mess of precum that covered him until there wasn't a drop left. "Mm, you taste so good--" Midoriya moaned out, letting his slick fingers wrap around Bakugou's length again as he yanked Bakugou's pants further down, loving the little shiver Bakugou gave as he was exposed even further.

Every inch of him was shaking, every inch glistening and flushed, and Midoriya had every intention to worship every bit with his teeth and tongue, diving in to nip at his thick, muscular thighs and lick anywhere he could reach, adoring every little jump and twitch that passed through him as he covered him in the tiniest of marks.

"Aaugh , s-st--" Bakugou stammered out suddenly. "S-stop-- t- teasing me, De ku-- " He yanked hard on the handcuffs and the whole bed quaked from the force. "C-can't stand it, hhk..." Tears suddenly popped from his eyes, his whole body arching off the bed so harshly Midoriya was practically lifted up off the sheets with him. " --haah ... pl- pleeease..."

"Shhh..." Midoriya cooed as soothingly as he could, rubbing a little circle into the sharp crook of his hipbones. As slowly as he could, he eased his mouth over Bakugou's length, his head sinking down in a sensual slide over his cock, a tiny whine leaving him as Bakugou hissed and shuddered and collapsed into the bed, writhing and drooling out nonsense again. It was so cute watching him like this, he thought as he hollowed his cheeks, teasing him further with a light, gentle suck. It was absolutely addicting, having power over him like never before, and every near-agonized moan that left him brought another surge of heat swelling up in his gut, making him whine out to himself as he started to grind his own hardness into the mattress as he lavished the searing cock burning in his mouth.

"Oh fuck," Bakugou was starting to mumble above him, over and over. "Oh fuck, oh fuuuck, oh fuckohfuck--  oh, oh,  oh fuck I'm c- close , I'm-- I'm gonna cum oh fuck, Deku--"

Midoriya pulled away with a lewd pop and Bakugou swore so loudly it nearly blew his ears out.

"Deku, why the fuck!?"  he howled. "Let me come!"

"You wouldn't let someone you hated do this to you," Midoriya murmured insistently, flushing a little, equally embarassed and stubborn as he fixed a hard stare onto his closest friend. "I don't wanna hear those words coming out of your mouth again, Kacchan. I mean it!"

"F-fuck you," Bakugou whimpered, on the verge of sobbing. Messy streaks of tears painted down his face as he sniffled and thrashed. "I s- said p-pl--- please -... -yuh-- you're s-supposed t'be... haaahn-- helping... m-me."

"I am," Midoriya assured him quickly, moving in closer so he could lift Bakugou's legs up for him, who struggled a little at first before he let him wrap his legs around his waist. "I got you, okay? It's okay, I'm sorry." Holding him as close as he possibly could with his arms still attached to the bedpost, Midoriya allowed himself to kiss down Bakugou's neck, dotting his collarbones with gentle affection. "Sorry I'm being selfish," he whispered into his ear as he pet through his hair. "Just can't help but think that when this is over... This is it. I wanna go on for as long as I can..." He giggled a little. "I love seeing you like this."

"N-need to--" Bakugou replied brokenly, evidently not listening, voice so wrecked and wild it seemed unrecognizable. Clawing at the air, he tried his best to rut against him, his hips moving in a mad, feverish, almost nonsensical pace. "Need you, l-love y--uhn- please--... fuck me please..."

Midoriya's heart skipped a beat.

He had his pants hastily shoved down before he could even register it, his dick brushing against Bakugou's and drawing a gasp, and then, as slowly as he could manage, he ground against him in one long, slow, sensual roll that had sparks of fire curling all the way up his spine as their cocks slid wetly against each other.

"Ohhh--" Bakugou groaned out, his eyes rolling up until they fluttered shut hard, another huge glob of tears pushing free and skimming down his face until Midoriya kissed them away.

"That feel good?" he rasped back to him, moving his hips again, unable to keep the evil-tasting filth building up inside him back, not with the way Bakugou was completely coming undone under him, vulnerable and unraveled. "I love you like this. Tell me how good it is, baby, tell me how much you love it, it's okay--"

"Fuck me ," Bakugou slurred out incessantly in response. "Fuck me, fuck me, please , want you so - so b-bad, needyouloveyou --I'll-- anything-- " His breath hiccuped, his whole body shuddering, he was so close . "Don't leave, don't stop, don't ever fucking stop-- aughh--"

His breath seemed to get knocked out of him with every hard shove of his hips, their cocks slippery as they rubbed against each other, faster and faster, Bakugou's legs wrapping tight around him as he humped against him. Midoriya could taste his need as their mouths shoved together again, his own mind going blank, any capacity for thought oozing sloppily out of him as he frantically grabbed for Bakugou's ass and yanked him to his body in time with his thrusts.

It felt like going insane, like they were just two animals writhing in the dirt and using each other, fucking dirty and rough and Midoriya didn't even realize he was bleeding from it, until Bakugou's head was pitching back, saliva connecting their lips still, with his mouth painted a bright, shining red from a tear his teeth had savagely torn into him. That very sight is what sends him soaring over the edge.

Midoriya grabbed their cocks, squeezing around them as hard as he could as he gave one final, hard, thurst, and finally, finally, Bakugou went rigid with a long, wet, rattling gasp. His eyes rolled back, a scream of his name catching in his throat as his climax shook through him, a wild plume of smoke and flame spitting briefly into the air from his bound hands before thick, white ropes of cum splashed up in long spurts over his chest and neck, even managing to catch against his chin. After what seemed to be an eternity, Bakugou finally went limp, going slack against the bed with his hips just barely twitching even still, too overwhelmed to even breathe, and Midoriya had to try his best to not collapse on top of him as he released his grip with shaky, sticky fingers.

"...jesus," he whispered, eyes wide after watching it all. It was like someone had lit his very soul on fire. Not even wasting a moment, he grabbed at himself and jerked himself off as well, as quickly as he could. Within seconds, his eyes squeezed shut, a spiral of lightning-hot heat crashed through him as his own cum joined the mess that already covered his childhood friend.

"Kachaa-- ahn--"

He covered his mouth just a second too late, almost choking on the cry he muffled into the knuckle he was biting, and when the feeling finally settled away, leaving every cell on his body absolutely blazing into numbness, he swayed, falling to Bakugou's side on the bed with a sated groan.

This... was kind of... the best day of his lifeohmygod.

"... did you just fucking come on me?" he suddenly heard, and he flinched as he looked up and saw Bakugou with one eye aimed blearily at him.

"Um," Midoriya flushed. He let go of his still-leaking (and totally evil) dick in an instant, though he had to admit, the way Bakugou looked, a sweaty, sinful, slutty mess, slackened against the headboard with nothing but those cuffs holding him up, made him kind of want to grab it all over again. "... yes?"

"For fuck's sake," he muttered, closing his eyes again. "What did I say about getting yourself off on me? Pervert."

Midoriya only turned redder. Oops. "Well!" he stammered, searching frantically for words. His brain kind of wasn't working, and what was working was firing the words evil! evil!! at him. "I-in any case, it looks like you're feeling better...!"

"I'm feeling homicidal," Bakugou grumbled back at him, sniffling in a way he was sure he was trying to hide.

Midoriya bit his split lip a little, wincing at the sting - he would have to look at the damage later - before he succumbed to the urge to wipe the last of Bakugou's tears off his face. "You... look pretty," he found himself stupidly saying in explanation.

Bakugou blinked, caught by surprise, before he turned red as well. "You're a sadist," he snapped. "You enjoyed this too much, asshole."

"Y-yeah, well." Midoriya smiled sheepishly. "You aren't the only one who, uh, how'd you put it?" he teased. "'Jerked off to you every other day'."

"Oh God." Bakugou groaned. "Don't fucking quote what I said when I was under. That shit didn't count, idiot--"

"Okay," Midoriya mumbled, blushing. It didn't really look like Bakugou truly remembered the brunt of what he'd said, but, at the same time, it was hard to tell what was really true and what was just something the drug forced out of him. Either way, it was a conversation for, uh, later. "... I bet you do really dream of me sometimes though."

A vein popped into his forehead. "That's it," he growled, trying to lunge at him before he spluttered, "Get these things off me--"

"Wah! But Kacchan," he teased, nestling into his side with a dramatic wiggle. "Can't we cuddle?"

"No, dumbass!"

"Well... you're handcuffed, so you have no say! Heheh!"

"Oi, FUCKER!"

"Seriously though," Midoriya started, smile falling from his face as he got serious. "I... it sounds weird, but, um, I'm glad I could be there for you."

"Huh." Bakugou glanced away from him. "... could've been there for me faster, is all I'm saying."

"Yeah. I could've." Midoriya bit his lip again, almost punishingly this time. "I'm really sorry about that. I... didn't realize what would happen if I didn't--"

"... Felt alright though, I guess," Bakugou grunted out, making him beam a little in relief, before he stopped short, stricken.

"... Um. Kacchan?"

"What the fuck do you gotta say now?"

Midoriya swallowed and pointed with a shaky finger. "Did you... notice that you're still hard?

"... haah?!"