Not so useless Deku

.-.-.

“God you’re so fucking annoying, Deku.”

Katsuki shoves the stupid nerd up against the wall of their middle school. Dumb Deku had spent the whole class mumbling and scribbling stupid notes in that fucking book of his. It really pisses Katsuki off that the quirkless idiot thinks that he can be a hero. It’s an insult to people like Katsuki, who are awesome enough to actually succeed.

“I-I-I’m sorry, K-Kacchan.” The dumbass nerd gazes up at Katsuki imploringly with those stupid green eyes and shitty, messy hair.

“If you’re gonna sit behind me all class, then you gotta stop that fucking mumbling.”

“I tr-tried, Kacchan. It’s not- I don’t do it on p-purpose.” Deku curls his hands in the front of Katsuki’s shirt, as if that would do anything to cool Katsuki’s anger.

Katsuki just presses even closer, shoving Deku against the wall. “N-no!” Deku flails a bit, uselessly of course, and futilely tries to push Katsuki away. “Kacchan, don’t get so close!”

Dumbass Deku’s voice cracks on the last syllable, like he’s really desperate. That just gets Katsuki curious though, since he’s shoved Deku against walls or trees or poles probably a thousand times. Smirking, Katsuki just leans in even closer, so that there’s no space between them.

“Holy fuck, Deku. Is that what you’re trying to hide?” Katsuki has his thigh between Deku’s legs, and he can feel the other boy’s rock hard dick pressing against him. Deku’s hips jerk forward just a bit in response to the pressure of Katsuki’s body. “Shit, you absolute pervert. You fucking like this, don’t you?”

“K-K-Kacchan. I don’t. Please…” Deku actually starts crying, big fat tears rolling down his round cheeks. Katsuki almost pulls away. He thought that Deku was pathetic before, but popping a boner just from being pushed against a wall, and then crying about it? That's the height of pitiful. Katsuki just wanted to beat up the nerd for annoying him, but man- imagine how humiliated Deku will be tomorrow when Katsuki tells their classmates. That’s probably all that would’ve happened if Deku’s hips hadn’t twitched again.

Suddenly, Katsuki realizes what’s happening. “Holy shit,” he says again. “Deku, you’re actually getting off on this, aren’t you?” Katsuki reaches down and peels Deku’s hands from his shirt, pressing the boy’s wrists against the wall. Deku’s breath hitches and he makes a quiet noise, like he can’t quite keep it back. “This isn’t just a random boner.” Everyone gets those. Even Katsuki’s gotten those, sometimes for seemingly no reason. “You’re not just unlucky. You’re one of those freaks that likes to get pushed and ordered around. One of those BDSM fuckers.”

“Kacchan, n-no, I don’t. This isn’t- i-isn’t like that.” Deku’s stupid, puffy eyes plead with Katsuki to believe him, but his hips betray him, jerking up against Katsuki’s body when he tightens his grip just a tiny bit. A moan falls out of Deku’s mouth.

Katsuki stares down at Deku while he tries to decide what to do next. Of all the things he’d expected Deku to do when yelled at, fucking getting off on it was the last thing on his mind. He knows that he should pull away, maybe sneer at Deku and ruin his fucking life tomorrow. “Kacchan, p-please.”

This time, Katsuki doesn’t think that Deku is asking him to pull away. Deku’s hips stutter up, poking his hard fucking dick over and over against Katsuki’s thigh. It’s like Deku completely lost control of himself. It should be disgusting. Deku is literally the last person that Katsuki had ever imagined doing this stuff with. Still, the way that Katsuki’s body is pressed up against Deku’s has caused the boy's thrusts to shift against his own dick. Katsuki feels himself getting hard in response.

Before he can decide what he wants to do, Deku starts bucking harder, and his hips stutter to a halt. “Kacchan!” Deku moans like a fucking whore. Katsuki knows exactly what happened.

“Did you just fucking come?” Deku’s eyes shoot open, and all the color drains out of his face. “You did. You just got off pushing your fucking cock against me.”

“K-Kacchan I’m so- I-I’m sorry.” Deku struggles in earnest now, trying desperately to get away, but it’s barely an effort to keep the nerd pinned against the wall.

Katsuki should be angry. He should be furious and disgusted. Instead, he’s just numb with the shock. His own hard dick shifts against Deku’s stomach. “You loved that,” muses Katsuki, cutting off Deku’s stupid mumbling. “You came in like, ten seconds.”

Deku just stares at Katsuki wide-eyed. What a fucking idiot.

“You have the hots for me, don’t you? I bet you lay in bed at night and jerk yourself, thinking about me holding you down.”

The nerd doesn’t reply, so Katsuki leans more weight on him. “Fucking answer me, Deku. Do you rub your fucking cock, thinking about me?”

Mutely, Deku bobbles his head up and down in a parody of a nod.

Katsuki laughs incredulously. “I bet you’d do anything if I let you do that again.” He tilts his head. “You’d suck my cock, definitely.” Suddenly, the image of Deku’s stupid lips wrapped around his prick fills Katsuki’s mind. He’s never gotten a blow job before. Of course, he could get one whenever he wanted. He’s the most popular kid in class after all. And Deku isn’t even worthy of jacking him off, let alone taking Katsuki’s virginity. But still, Katsuki’s hard as fuck, and here’s Deku, who’s fucking gagging for it.

“I-I-” Deku’s voice is hoarse, so he swallows and tries again. “I don’t know how.”

Katsuki cocks his head. “But you would, if I told you to.”

Deku’s pupils are blown so wide that Katsuki can barely see the ring of green around them. “Y-yes.”

Katsuki considers his options for a moment before figuring ‘fuck it’. “Get on your knees,” he orders.

Stupid fucking Deku just stares at him. “I. I don’t…”

Jesus. Katsuki has no interest in raping Deku, so he releases Deku’s arms and takes a step back. “Get on your knees or go the fuck home, Deku.”

The nerd only hesitates for another second before dropping to the ground. Katsuki’s pulse quickens and his dick twitches in his pants. Suddenly feeling like his throat is as dry as the Sahara, Katsuki takes a step forward so that the bulge in his pants is only a couple of inches from Deku’s face. He jams one arm against the wall, resting his forehead in the crook of his elbow so that he can look down at Deku. The other hand he buries in the idiot’s curly hair.

“Undo my belt,” Katsuki rasps.

This time Deku immediately does as ordered, trembling hands fiddling with the clasp of Katsuki’s uniform pants. Even that feels fucking amazing. The brushes against Katsuki’s dick send shivers jolting up his spine. Once both ends of his belt are dangling from his belt loops, Deku stares up at him. God. His mouth is open, and Katsuki can see exactly where his dick is about to go.

“What the fuck are you waiting for? Get my cock out.”

Deku’s throat bobs, and the sound of Katsuki’s zipper lowering is obscenely loud. The nerd only pauses for a split second before fishing Katsuki’s dick out of his pants. Katsuki moans and his hips twitch forward. He never imagined that having someone else touch his penis would feel this way. His breaths come out like he’s running a marathon.

Unable to wait a second longer, Katsuki shifts his hand so that it’s cupping the back of Deku’s neck. He pulls forward, and Deku obediently opens his mouth. “Holy fuck. Holy shitting fuck,” whispers Katsuki reverently as his cock slides inch after inch in between Deku’s lips. He feels Deku’s tongue against the underside of his dick. It’s literally the hottest thing that Katsuki has ever experienced.

His dick only gets halfway into Deku’s mouth before the boy flinches backwards and gags. “Sorry,” Deku coughs. “I’m- Kacchan, please, I can do better.”

Katsuki stares down at Deku. The nerd’s mouth is open wide, panting breaths huffing against where Katsuki’s dick bobs only an inch or two from his face. Is Deku begging Katsuki to let him suck his cock?

“Please, Kacchan. I’ll do better.”

Katsuki glances down at the wet spot on Deku’s crotch. The boy’s penis is hard again, straining against his pants. It must be smearing the cum trapped in his underwear. Katsuki remembers that Deku’s one of those kinky fuckers.

He tightens his hand in Deku’s hair to the point where it would barely hurt. “You’re gonna try again, and you’re gonna do good this time.”

“Yes!” Deku’s round eyes stare into his own. “Yes. Thank you, Kacchan. I’ll-”

Katsuki cuts him off, shoving his dick back into the nerd’s mouth. He has no interest in Deku’s blubbering. Deku moans – fucking moans - and slobbers all over Katsuki’s throbbing cock like it’s the best thing ever. One of Deku’s hands is clutching Katsuki’s thigh, and the other wraps around the base of Katsuki’s penis. It’s literally the best feeling that Katsuki has ever experienced.

Now that Deku’s hand is wrapped around the part of Katsuki’s dick that he can’t handle, Katsuki is free to shove his hips forward. Katsuki moves his hand so that it’s between Deku’s head and the wall, since his thrusts keep pushing Deku backwards. Deku just moans and licks at Katsuki’s head when he pulls back.

Holy shit. Holy fuck. Deku’s hand clenches around Katsuki’s cock and that’s it. The blonde’s hips stutter one more time and he’s coming. Semen is shooting out of his penis and into Deku’s fucking mouth and there’s nothing the nerd can do about it since he’s pinned between Katsuki and the wall. Of course, Deku doesn’t seem to mind much, given the way his hand is pumping every last drop out of him.

After five toe-curling shots into Deku’s slutty mouth, Katsuki pulls back panting. His cock slips out from between Deku’s lips and pokes at his chin just under his lower lip. Deku milks the last bit of cum out of him, and a small string of semen pools just under his mouth.

“Kacchan. Oh god, Kacchan.”

Considering how hazy Katsuki is, it’s not surprising that it takes him a second to realize that Deku’s got a hand in his pants, jerking himself off. Kacchan watches the idiot fucking pant, cum dripping down his face. He just stares as Deku licks at Katsuki’s dick and rubs himself so hard he’s probably getting rug burn.

Finally, Deku moans loudly and twitches, leaning his head to rest against Katsuki’s hip as he ejaculates in his pants. Katsuki strokes his hair like he’s a dog, and doesn’t get mad when Deku kisses Katsuki’s hip and smears cum on his skin. Apparently it’s hard to get angry at someone who just sucked you off.

The two of them just pant and Katsuki’s dick gives a valiant twitch when Deku wipes at his chin with the back of his hand, smearing Katsuki’s cum on his face. Nevertheless, now that he’s not so drunk on his hormones he realizes what a fucking stupid idea it is to do shit like this in public, so he yanks Deku up and buckles his belt.

Deku’s eyes are wide like he thinks he’s gonna get punched, and that pisses Katsuki off. Yeah, he pushes the nerd around, but he’s not the kind of asshole that would beat up someone who sucks his dick. “Don’t look at me like that, Deku. I’m not gonna fucking hit you.”

To Katsuki’s surprise, Deku shakes his head. “N-no. I wasn’t- um. Was it good?”

He should probably deflect. How fucking gay would it be to talk about how good it felt to have Deku suck his dick? (Probably not as gay as it actually was to have Deku suck his dick.) Still, Katsuki’s head is still fuzzy around the edges from getting his brains sucked out of his cock, so he leans into Deku’s space. “Yeah. It was fucking great.”

Deku beams at him like he just hung the fucking sun. Katsuki looks at Deku consideringly. The nerd’s lips are still shiny with Katsuki’s semen, and his breath smells like Katsuki’s cock. He’d always thought that Deku was useless at everything he ever did, but clearly the kid has at least one talent.

“You’d do that as many times as I let you, wouldn’t you?”

Deku’s face goes crimson in embarrassment, but his eyes dilate and his tongue darts out to lick at his soiled lips, perhaps unconsciously. He nods.

Katsuki grins. “Okay, Deku. Come to my place after school tomorrow.”

“You mean… you’d really…?” Deku’s eyes are wide and his mouth gapes like he expects Katsuki to stick his cock in it right this instant.

Katsuki leans in close so that he can whisper in Deku’s ear. “Next time, I’m gonna make you suck my dick until your jaw hurts,” he promises. Katsuki pulls off Deku, who slumps halfway to the ground without his support. He just laughs and whirls around. Fucking dork looks like he’s about to jerk it again just at the thought. Katsuki, on the other hand, as the patience to wait until they’ve at least got a door to lock.

Huh. Turns out that Deku’s got one use, after all.

.-.-.

.-.-.

The next day at school is weird for how normal it is. Deku keeps glancing at him throughout class, but now that Katsuki thinks about it, the nerd has always done that. Jeez. How long has this pervert been staring at him and fantasizing? Katsuki bets that the idiot is perpetually hard underneath his desk or something. God, this would be the perfect shit to completely fucking humiliate Deku, and Katsuki’s tempted, but in the end he remembers how it felt to have Deku’s mouth around his cock, to shoot his cum down Deku’s throat. Oh well, heroes have to prioritize, after all.

Deku winds himself tighter and tighter with each class period, no doubt anticipating all the filthy things Katsuki’s gonna do to him once school is over. No one else even notices though. The nerd is a twitchy mess – especially around Katsuki – at the best of times. Katsuki hasn’t bothered to pay Deku much attention; he likes that Deku’s focus is on him, even when he barely returns the favor. Therefore, he’s caught off guard when it happens.

One of his stupid hangers-on corners Deku in the hallway. Katsuki can’t even remember the bastard’s name, that’s how unimportant he is. But he starts saying some dumb shit to Deku and then pushes him into the wall. The sight of Deku’s eyes blown wide (is that fear or arousal, damnit?) fucking snaps Katsuki’s control. Before he knows what he’s doing, Katsuki is across the hall and decking that fucking idiot who’s touching Katsuki’s- who’s touching Deku.

“What the hell, Bakugou!” the bastard screams. His nose is bleeding, but probably not broken. “What was that for?”

Katsuki’s shaking so hard that Deku would probably want to use him as a vibrator, the kinky fucker, but he forces himself under control. “Never touch Deku ever again.”

“Dude,” another one of his sycophants says. “Weren’t we literally just messing with Deku yesterday?”

Katsuki glowers. He gets it. He fucking knows how crazy he must look. But he can’t fucking stand the thought of one of these worthless bastards laying their hands on Deku, and there’s no reason that he has to put up with it. “That was yesterday. This is today. And today, the rule is that if you lay a single fucking finger on him, I’ll break it in half. Got it?”

His dumbass followers all nod, but beat the hell out of dodge quickly. No one wants to hang around Katsuki when he’s in a mood. Normally that pisses Katsuki off more, but right now it’s convenient. He whirls around and stalks up to Deku. The nerd is staring at him like he’s the coolest thing ever. It’s a little pathetic, just more evidence that the idiot is incapable of looking after himself, but it also makes a small part of Katsuki preen.

He puts his hand where the idiot had before, pushing Deku back into the wall. It’s gentle, and Katsuki hates himself a little for it. He’d meant to be rough but couldn’t follow through. Instead he slams his other hand next to Deku’s head to make the nerd jump a little bit. “Did you fucking like it? When that bastard did this to you?” It shouldn’t matter. Deku should be able to suck every dick in the nation without it bothering Katsuki. But for some reason, the thought of Deku doing to someone else what he’d done to Katsuki makes his blood boil.

Deku shakes his head so fast that Katsuki’s amazed it doesn’t fly off. “No! No, not them. It’s- only y-you, Kacchan.”

“Damn right it’s only me,” preens Katsuki. “Fuck you’re probably hard right now, aren’t you?”

Deku stays conspicuously quiet.

“Jesus, you little horn dog,” Katsuki chuckles lowly. “Fuck I’m gonna have so much fun with you later.”

Deku swallows so hard that Katsuki can see his throat bobble. He imagines his cock sliding there. “What… what are you gonna do to me?”

“What am I…?” Katsuki laughs. That had almost sounded nervous, if not for the excited glint in Deku’s eye. The nerd was looking for a fucking preview. “You want me to dirty talk you right here in the fucking hallway, huh Deku?” Katsuki grins and presses a little closer, enjoying the way Deku’s breath hitches. “Alright, but you’ve got to promise me something, okay?”

“A-anything.”

For a brief moment, Katsuki fantasizes about all the things he could tell Deku to do, but he restrains himself. The nerd is so fucking desperate, and Katsuki wants to keep him there. Patience is a virtue, and all that. “Deku,” he whispers. “You have to promise me you’re not gonna jerk off before I get to you.”

Deku stares at him wide-eyed. “Wh-what?”

“You’re gonna go through the rest of the day with this-” Katsuki shoves his thigh between Deku’s legs and presses it against the boy’s stiff penis. Deku moans like a fucking whore right in the middle of their school, where anyone can hear. “You’re gonna be hard all day, waiting for me,” whispers Katsuki. “And you’re not gonna touch your little dick at all. No jerking yourself. Promise?”

“K-Kacchan,” whines Deku. The little slut looks horrified at the thought, like not jacking off in the middle of school is a herculean task or something. “I don’t- I don’t know if-”

“Promise, and I’ll tell you what I’m gonna do to you tonight,” goaded Katsuki. Deku’s mouth drops open and his eyes glaze over. Katsuki hopes that he isn’t coming in his pants, the pervy loser.

“O-okay. Okay, Kacchan. I promise.”

Shit. Katsuki tries to imagine being so fucking desperate. His cock twitches in his pants at the thought. He leans in close to whisper in Deku’s ear. “I’m gonna shove my hard fucking cock down your throat until you gag. Then, we’re going to try again, and keep trying until you can take the whole thing down to my pubes. Would you like that?”

A keening noise escapes Deku’s bitten lips. Katsuki thinks he might have fried Deku’s brains out. “I asked you a question, Deku. Would you fucking like that?” He didn’t want to scare nerd off, after all.

Deku’s mouth opens and closes like a fish, before he finally manages to speak. “Y-yes, I- Kacchan, I practiced last night.”

Katsuki’s eyes widened. Well, he hadn’t expected that response. “On what, you slut?”

“N-no!” Deku gapes like an idiot, and Katsuki is really tempted to shove him to his knees right then and there. “I don’t mean on- um, with a cucumber.”

“Holy shit,” chuckles Katsuki. “You were that fucking desperate to get your mouth on me again?”

Deku nods. He just fucking nods, like he isn’t even ashamed of what a desperate slut he is for Katsuki’s cock. “I practiced until I could take it, Kacchan. I- I’ll do better this time. I’ll be good for you, I swear. You can do anything to me, Kacchan.”

Holy fuck. Deku wasn’t even trying to talk dirty. He was staring imploringly at Katsuki like he’s afraid that Katsuki is going to change his mind. “Anything?” repeats Katsuki.

Deku looks nervous, but he bites his lip and nods.

Jesus fuck. Deku is really fucking lucky that Katsuki isn’t a sadist or anything. He wants to boss the nerd around, but he knows that Deku wants to be bossed around, so that’s okay. “Well then,” he breathes on Deku’s ear. The nerd fucking quivers. “I order you not to touch yourself until you show off your new skills on me, how about that?”

Deku’s pupils are blown so wide that for a second Katsuki worries about whether the dumbass will be able to see well enough to get to their next class. “Y-yes, Kacchan,” he mumbles obediently.

Grinning, Katsuki pulls back and tossles Deku’s hair roughly. “Fantastic. Later, Deku.” Katsuki whirls around and walks away, resisting the urge to whistle. Discretely, he adjusts himself in his pants. Deku’s not the only one who’s gonna be horny the rest of the day.

.-.-.

.-.-.

The walk back home is tense. Fucking Deku is hunched over, probably trying to keep his pants from bulging out obscenely. It’s a miracle that the nerd hasn’t had a heart attack yet, considering how much of his blood must be south of his waist. He keeps staring at Katsuki, to the point where Katsuki has had to pull him out of the way of traffic a couple of times. You’d think that near death experiences would make the loser’s raging boner deflate a little bit, but you’d think wrong. Katsuki isn’t sure there’s room in Deku’s mind for anything but thoughts of shoving Katsuki’s cock down his throat.

By the time they get to Katsuki’s house, he’s hard as well, and a bit pissed off at how little self-control he has. Thankfully both of his parents work, so they had a good couple of hours before anyone else will be home. “Kick your shoes off there,” Katsuki orders. He knows that he doesn’t have to. Deku’s polite, he wouldn’t walk around the house in shoes. Katsuki just wants to watch Deku meekly do as he’s told. He grabs Deku’s arm. “We’re going to my room.”

Deku keeps his mouth shut, although his pants fucking twitch, and Katsuki loses it. He drags Deku into his bedroom, locking the door behind them. He loves the way Deku fucking swallows when he hears the lock click. Katsuki throws his backpack on the ground, and gestures for Deku to do the same. “Stay there,” commands Katsuki as he sits down on his bed. He looks Deku up and down appraisingly.

“Take off your shirt.”

Deku hesitates. “Um. K-K-Kacchan, don’t you want to-”

“Hush, Deku.” Katsuki did some research of his own last night. He knows how this kinky shit is supposed to work, now. “What do you say when you don’t want to do something?” ‘Safeword’ sounded so fucking nerdy.

“Um. N-no?”

“Alright,” nods Katsuki. “Take your shirt off, or say no. But none of this stupid blubbering.”

Deku’s hands freeze for a second, but he proceeds to unbutton his shirt slowly. That’s okay. Katsuki likes the tease. He hums appreciatively as Deku’s skin comes into view. He’s seen Deku shirtless and naked before, in locker rooms, but it wasn’t like he was really looking then. The nerd isn’t muscular by any means, but he’s in decent shape. There isn’t an ounce of fat on him and Katsuki can see the beginnings of definition in his chest and stomach. Once Deku’s shirt is on the floor, Katsuki grins. “Good. Now the pants.”

“K-Kacchan…”

“Do it or say no, Deku. Those are your only two options.”

Just like he’d read online, the nerd actually seems even more turned on now. Deku’s still got a choice. He can say no, but it’s a binary decision. There’s no room for all those stupid thoughts and doubts that must fly through the nerd’s head constantly. All he can do is obey or not obey, and there’s no way a desperate, horny slut like Deku wouldn’t do as he’s told.

With trembling hands, Deku pulls off his belt and then unbuttons his pants. He gives Katsuki one last unsure look, but Katsuki’s face is resolute. Deku swallows heavily and pushes his slacks to the ground, leaving him clad only in a pair of white briefs that bulge out obscenely in the front. His bare chest is heaving, and each breath strains his underwear further. There’s a wet spot growing where the head of Deku’s cock sits.

“That’d better not be cum, nerd.”

“It’s not,” insists Deku desperately, eyes wide with panic. “I pr-promise, Kacchan. Just s-s-sometimes, when I get really…” He gulps. “Turned on,” Deku whispers. “My… it- um, leaks.”

Katsuki rolls his eyes. “How the fuck do you not know what precum is, nerd?”

Deku’s shaking like a fucking leaf, naked except for his almost see-through briefs. “Don’t be mad,” the boy pleads. “I promise I was good.”

Part of Katsuki wants to tease Deku mercilessly for how pathetic he sounds, but considering that the nerd actually did as he was told, he’s inclined to have some mercy. “Yeah I know, Deku. You were a good boy, weren’t you?”

“Huuhhh.” Deku’s pupils are blown wide. So the nerd likes praise, too? Well he’ll have to earn it.

“Okay Deku. Take those off. I want to see your pretty little cock.”

Deku blushes down to his pointed, pink nipples as he hooks his fingers in the waistband of his tighy whiteys. He has a hard time stretching them over his throbbing penis, but Katsuki likes watching him struggle. Finally, Deku manages to pull the elastic down below his balls, and the stretched out fabric falls to his knees. The nerd immediately shields himself with his hands.

Katsuki makes an irritated noise and grabs Deku’s wrists, pulling them to the side. Deku moans like a whore, of course, cock twitching in the air. Katsuki releases one wrist and pushes the wet briefs down so that they pool on Deku’s feet. The freed hand twitches back towards his waist, so Katsuki grabs it again, squeezing it warningly. Deku whimpers.

Now Deku is totally naked, while Katsuki is entirely dressed except for his shoes. The power of it thrills him. He fucking loves the way Deku blushes and trembles, like Katsuki could do anything and the nerd would just beg him for more. He studies Deku’s nude body. The boy’s cock really is pretty. It’s about as wide as two of Katsuki’s fingers put together, and only a bit longer. Deku’s penis bobs in the air, pulsing with the nerd’s heartbeat. He’s so hard that about half of his eraser-pink head pokes out from his foreskin. A bead of precum seeps out of the winking slit at the tip of it. Overall, it’s straight, although it curves just slightly upwards. Deku has a small collection of curly dark pubes where his dick meets his body, although his balls – which are drawn up tightly against his body – are bare.

For a moment, Katsuki actually considers putting his mouth on Deku’s pretty, pretty little dick. Luckily Deku snaps him out of those considerations. “K-Kacchan,” the boy begs. “Please?”

“Please what?” he asks, distracted.

“You- you said I could, um. S-suck you.”

That short circuits Katsuki’s brain for a second. He’s got Deku stripped bare and the nerd is pleading to suck Katsuki. What a total slut.

Deku misinterprets his silence. “Please. I’ll be better than yesterday. I’ll do good this time.”

Katsuki’s mouth is dry as fuck. He shifts his hands from Deku’s wrists to his hips, which seems to freak the dumbass out, considering the way he starts quivering. “You think you can be good?”

“Yes! Yes I promise.” Deku’s fucking panting now, panting for Katsuki’s cock.

“Take my tie off,” orders Katsuki hoarsely.

There’s not even an instant of hesitation this time. Deku’s fingers dig into the knot of Katsuki’s tie, relieving him of the offending garment. His hand work at the top button of Katsuki’s shirt. “Did I fucking tell you to mess with my shirt?”

Deku’s hands jerk backwards like he’d been burned. “Sorry! I-I’m. Kacchan I’m sorry. I promise I won’t-”

“Shut up.” Deku’s mouth clicked closed. “It’s fine. Just remember that you don’t get to choose how fast this goes.” Katsuki’s fingers tighten on Deku’s hips. “Are you gonna be a good boy, now?”

A dribble of precum drips out of Deku’s dick, onto the floor. The nerd nods dumbly. “Okay. Unbutton my shirt, and just my shirt.”

Deku’s fingers tremble as he works on each button, slower this time. When he gets to the bottom, the nerd stops. Katsuki is dying to rip off his clothes and shove Deku’s slutty mouth only his cock, but it’s even better to see the way that Deku obeys him. The little minx is smart enough to find loopholes in his orders, of course. He’s rubbing his hands up and down the bare skin of Katsuki’s stomach and chest, like he can’t get enough of it. Katsuki doesn’t get mad since he’s not technically disobeying, and it feels really fucking good. Shit, he’s had enough. He lets go of Deku and shrugs off his shirt. “Get on your knees.”

Deku drops so fast that Katsuki almost winces for his knees. Luckily the floor is carpeted. Before he can order the nerd to do anything, Deku leans forward and mouths at the bulge in Katsuki’s pants. “Fuck!” he shouts. He knows that he should scold Deku for being a bad sub, or some shit like that, but he’s done with the stripping game. Katsuki rips of his belt and shoves his pants down to his knees, squirming out of them with Deku’s help. He catches Deku’s head in his hands before the slut can swallow him down.

“Beg me to suck my dick,” whispers Katsuki.

“Please,” moans Deku loudly. “Please Kacchan. I need- I need to suck you. I want to show you how good I am, now.”

Fuck that’s good enough. Katsuki puts his hands on the bed and leans back, and Deku fucking dives onto his penis like it’s an Olympic event. His dick goes down Deku’s mouth so fast that the boy gags. He pulls back and screws his eyes shut, rubbing his lips down Katsuki’s cock and sucking in quick, shallow breaths through his nose. This time he doesn’t stop until his nose hits Katsuki’s pubic bone, even though his fucking eyes are leaking.

“Oh fuck.” Katsuki slides back until his head hits the pillows. His dick slips out of Deku’s mouth and the boy fucking whines, saliva stringing out between his cock and Deku’s face. One of Katsuki’s blonde pubes is pasted to Deku’s lips. “Get the fuck over here.”

Deku scrambles up the bed, bracing an arm on either side of Katsuki’s hips. Katsuki grabs the nerd’s head and steers him back onto his hard on. He pulls Deku’s mouth all the way down to his balls again, and Deku’s eyes tear up again involuntarily. He’s slobbering so much that spit is running down Katsuki’s sack and into his crack. It’s fucking amazing. He guides Deku’s head upwards, and makes him do a few shallow thrusts. “Lick my head, slut.”

Obediently, Deku works his tongue underneath Katsuki’s foreskin. He moans, and Katsuki swears that he can feel it vibrate down to his core. Jesus this is great. From this angle, Katsuki can see all the way down Deku’s back to his bare ass. The nerd’s legs are spread since he’s balanced on the end of the bed, and Katsuki can just see the boy’s pale balls jiggling in time with the motions of his head.

Katsuki flops backwards onto the bed, folding his hands behind his head. “Make me cum, Deku,” he orders imperiously.

Deku moans again and goes to fucking town, slurping on Katsuki’s dick like it’s a lollipop, gagging once or twice when he pushes himself too far too fast. His eyes are screwed up like he’s having a religious experience, and his shoulders shake with the strain of bobbing his head up and down so much.

Finally Katsuki feels his balls churning, but he doesn’t even warn Deku. He just shoots his semen right down the whore’s gullet. Unlike yesterday, it goes straight into Deku’s throat, and the boy coughs and pulls back so that a shot of cum splatters his face before he dives back onto Katsuki’s cock like a champ. Katsuki’s legs are shaking and his hips jerk up to force himself even deeper down Deku’s throat. His vision is gray around the edges, but he doesn’t close his eyes, lest he miss a second of Deku’s Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallows Katsuki’s seed. Once the nerd milks every last drop out of him, Katsuki flops his head backwards and stares at the ceiling.

God. That was… indescribable. Deku is a fucking dick sucking savant. To his surprise, the boy crawls up the bed, hovering over him so that he can see his semen smeared on Deku’s lips, nose, and chin. “Please, Kacchan,” sobs Deku.

“Huh?” he says stupidly. He isn’t sure if he’s capable of conscious thought yet.

“You- you said.” Deku gulps. “You said I could- I could c-cum after I showed… showed you… Please.”

Oh, right. What an obedient little slut, waiting for Katsuki’s permission. Deku’s pretty little penis is so hard that it isn’t even bobbing anymore. Feeling come-drunk, and generally pleased, Katsuki figures that he can be generous. He reaches up and wraps an arm around Deku’s waist, pulling the boy down until they’re laying flush.

Deku collapses like a puppet whose strings are cut. He buries his face in Katsuki’s neck, smearing cum on Katsuki’s skin. The nerd’s hips jackrabbit, rubbing his dick against Katsuki’s hip. Curious, Katsuki slides his hand down Deku’s back and squeezes the boy’s ass cheek.

“Ah-uhhh,” moans Deku brokenly, stomach hiccupping against Katsuki’s.

“I like those noises you make,” Katsuki hums lethargically. “I wonder…” He pulls his hand back and smacks Deku’s ass. It wouldn’t have hurt, but it makes a lovely ringing noise throughout the bedroom.

That seems to do the trick. Deku freezes, taut like a bowstring, and moans desperately into Katsuki’s shoulder. He’s completely still except for sharp jerks of his hips. Katsuki feels warm fluid squirt between their bodies. After a few shots, Deku’s body relaxes, sinking down onto Katsuki and panting. Deku clutches at Katsuki like he’s a life raft in a storm.

“Thank you, Kacchan,” the nerd mumbles. “Thank you for letting me- thank you-”

“Shush,” Katsuki sighs, rubbing a hand down Deku’s slick back. “You earned it, nerd.”

It should be annoying and gross, Katsuki thinks. They’re sticky and sweaty, and Deku is too hot on top of him. He should push the nerd off and kick him out, now that they’re done. Except Katsuki’s brain still hasn’t rebooted after getting the single greatest orgasm of his young life. Besides, Deku’s trembling like the pathetic idiot he is, like he’s waiting for Katsuki to be mean to him again.

“Jesus, fucking relax, would you?” Katsuki wraps one arm around Deku’s back and puts the other on Deku’s ass, just because he can. “You did good, okay. That was fucking mind blowing.” Katsuki chuckles at his own pun, blaming the orgasm for his cheesiness.

Deku stops shaking at least, although he doesn’t relax completely. “It was good?”

“Yeah, you were a good boy.”

The words take the last bit of fight out of him, and Deku sags bonelessly. Katsuki shifts him a bit, loving the way their bodies squelch obscenely as they squish Deku’s semen between them. He should think that Deku’s pathetic, but instead Katsuki just finds it cute, the way that the nerd is helpless against him. Maybe it’s a power thing. “You were so fucking good, Deku. Your hot little mouth was great on my cock. I’m gonna have a lot of fun with you.”

“You mean… I can do it again?”

“Well not right this fucking second,” chuckled Katsuki. “But yeah, I’m gonna soil those pretty lips of yours over and over again.”

“Thank you, Kacchan.”

Jesus. What kind of slut thanks you for shoving your dick in his mouth? Nevertheless, Katsuki knew he was right. He was going to have a lot of fun.

.-.-.

.-.-.

“Okay, time to get up,” orders Katsuki.

Deku whines, but doesn’t disobey, sliding off him. Katsuki rolls himself to his feet, pulling Deku with him. The nerd is absolutely fucking soiled, cum smeared over his chest and balls. Katsuki’s semen is drying on his face, leaving white flakes on his lips. His dick has softened, not losing much length. Katsuki loves the look of him, like he’s completely wrecked. He wraps and arm around Deku’s waist and steers him towards the bathroom.

“Come on, nerd.”

When they get into the bathroom, Katsuki sits Deku on the toilet. The boy just goes where Katsuki puts him, like a doll or something. His pupils are still dilated and he’s staring at Katsuki reverently. Katsuki had read about aftercare, of course. All the stupid websites stressed it. Last night, Katsuki had thought it was total bullshit. There was no way in hell that he’d go out of his way to make dumb fucking Deku feel all good and safe or whatever, is what he figured.

Now that he’s looking at Deku’s helpless fucking everything, Katsuki realizes that there’s power in this, too. He feels strong knowing that he could utterly wreck Deku with a few cruel words. Unlike before, though, he feels even stronger choosing consciously not to do it. Katsuki turns on the shower, and pulls Deku to his feet. The boy collapses against Katsuki and Katsuki loves it. He adores the feeling of Deku’s skin on his skin, and the sticky squelch of the cooling semen on their bodies. Most of all he loves knowing that he has total control over Deku. He feels like a God, like making Deku feel good is just an act of benevolence that he gives the nerd on a whim. Now he understands why Gods would lower themselves to consort with ants. It’s such a thrill to be worshipped.

When the water is hot enough, Katsuki pulls Deku into the shower, turning the boy around so that his back is pressed against Katsuki’s chest and his front is being sprayed with warm liquid. Deku groans and sags against him.

“You were such a good boy for me, Deku,” Katsuki whispers in the nerd’s ear. He rubs his hands up and down Deku’s torso. “Now I get to take care of you.”

He soaps up his hands and scrubs the sweat and semen off Deku’s body. The nerd shivers with each pass of his palms. “Do you like this, Deku? Is this good?”

Deku’s head bobbles out a nod and Katsuki chuckles against his ear. “Yeah you like it. This is your reward, after all, for being a good boy. You sucked my dick like a fucking pro.”

The nerd whimpers. “I… Kacchan…”

“Shh,” Katsuki soothes. “You don’t have to say anything. Close your eyes.” Once Deku obeys, Katsuki tips his head forward and wets his face, then gently cleans his cum off of it. Katsuki’s sad to see it go, but it’s worth it for how helpless Deku looks. The boy’s eyes are squeezed shut and he’s trusting Katsuki around such sensitive areas. Katsuki rubs Deku’s clean lips once, causing the nerd to crack his mouth open just slightly.

Now that he’s washed Deku’s front, he turns the boy around so that he can get his back. He quickly wipes off his own chest so that he doesn’t ruin his handiwork, and pulls Deku flush against him, shivering unconsciously when their flaccid dicks bump together. Deku hides his face against Katsuki’s neck and gasps, chest pushing against Katsuki’s with every breath. The nerd wraps his arms around Katsuki in a tight hug. Katsuki’s starting to realize that Deku’s a fucking cuddler, given the chance. Since this is Deku’s reward, he lets it be. It’s not like it’s a fucking hardship.

Even though Katsuki soaps up his hands, when he touches Deku’s back it’s more of a massage than a wash. He likes the way Deku gasps and moans when his fingers catch on the ridge of Deku’s spine. Katsuki works his way lower and lower, until he has the globes of Deku’s ass clenched in his hands, and the boy is mostly hard, cock poking at Katsuki’s balls. Experimentally, Katsuki slides his fingers into Deku’s crack and rubs at his hole. Deku gasps.

“You like that,” Katsuki says. It isn’t a question.

“Y-yes, Kacchan,” Deku answers anyway.

He rubs at the boy’s asshole again, and this time his the pad of his index finger down just slightly. It’s not inside, but it feels like it could be, if Katsuki wants. “You’d let me put my finger inside of you. Hell, you’d let me fuck you right here. I could stick my cock into your little hole and you’d just moan for more, wouldn’t you?”

Deku nods, hips pushing back into Katsuki’s hand like he’s fucking gagging for it. Katsuki seriously considers it for a second, but then thinks better of it. “You ever stuck anything up there before?”

“No,” Deku admits in a whisper.

“Well,” Katsuki sighs. “We probably don’t have much time before my fucking parents come home. It’ll have to wait until tomorrow.”

Deku whimpers when Katsuki turns him around and his erection gets sprayed by the shower head. “For now this’ll have to do. I said I’d take care of you after all.” Honestly though, Katsuki is just curious to see how Deku’s pretty little dick will feel in his hand. He wraps one arm around Deku’s waist, holding him securely so that the nerd can’t squirm too much, and unceremoniously graps Deku’s penis with the other.

The boy moans so loudly that echoes off the tile in the bathroom. Katsuki skins back Deku’s foreskin and rubs the head with his thumb. “Ahh! Oh, ah K-Kacchan. Oh, Kaaa…” Deku huffs and writhes, hips twitching forward.

“You want me to jack you off, Deku?”

“Yes!”

“Yes, what?”

“Yes, sir!”

Katsuki freezes. He’d been going for a ‘yes, jack me off’ but sir? He really likes sir.

The nerd can tell, given the way he goes “Please, Kacchan. Please, sir.”

Growling, Katsuki strokes the boy’s pretty cock over and over. His own dick is poking through Deku’s legs, rubbing against his hairless scrotum in a way that must be good, considering how Deku squats down slightly to press himself down against it. Barely a minute passes before Deku’s dick throbs in his hand. It’s thrilling to feel it pulse, listening to the nerd’s huffing, desperate moans. Cum dribbles out of Deku’s penis, spilling over Katsuki’s knuckles. He lifts his hand to Deku’s face and the nerd laps at his own semen, like it’s a fucking delicacy.

Snapping, Katsuki shoves Deku’s back against the cold tile and thrusts his tongue down Deku’s throat. It’s not Katsuki’s first kiss by any means, but he’s never kissed someone who tastes like cum the way Deku does. Deku has obviously never done this before, since he sucks on Katsuki’s tongue like it’s a dick. Still, when the nerd reaches down for Katsuki’s cock it only takes a couple of strokes for him to cum. Katsuki doesn’t stop kissing Deku though, until the nerd is moaning so much that Katsuki’s afraid he’s going to pass out if he doesn’t give the boy a chance to breathe.

“Tomorrow,” he promises while Deku pants cum-scented breaths in his face. “I’m going to tie you down and finger your ass until you beg me to put my cock in you. Sound good?”

“Yes, sir,” Deku whispers breathlessly.

“It’s a fucking date, nerd.”

.-.-.

.-.-.

Getting through school was torture, but now Katsuki’s got Deku stripped naked on his bed. His school tie binds Deku’s right arm to his bedframe, and he’s knotting Deku’s left with his own tie. “This is probably the neatest knot this thing has ever seen,” observes Katsuki.

“Kacchan,” whines Deku. His hips lit in the air, searching for pressure on his dick, which of course is hard and leaking.

“Be a good boy, now, Deku.” Katsuki grins at his nerd. Deku whimpers. “What’s got you so impatient, huh?”

“Please fuck me, sir?” begs Deku.

“Don’t get ahead of yourself, nerd,” Katsuki says affectionately. He appreciates Deku’s spirit though, so he leans down and kisses the boy roughly, and Deku kisses back desperately. Then, because he can, he reaches down and fondles Deku’s little cock. The boy moans loudly and bucks upwards into Katsuki’s hand. He doesn’t want to stimulate the nerd too much though, so he lets go quickly.

Deku whines. “Kacchan,” he complains. “Please?”

Kacchan runs a hand up Deku’s stomach, liking the way it twitches in response. “Don’t worry, Deku. You’re gonna have a real good time. But I told you what I was going to do to you, didn’t I?”

“Yes, sir.” Deku’s throat bobbles as he swallows. “You said you were going to f-finger my…”

“Your sweet little asshole, yeah.” Katsuki grins. He reaches over and wraps his hands around Deku’s skinny thighs, pushing them apart so that he can get a good look at his target. Deku blushes a bright red and tries to cover himself with his hands, forgetting that he’s tied up. When that fails the nerd tries to twist so that he’s not as exposed. Katsuki’s got a good grip on him, though, so all that happens is that his cock twitches and bobs, and his hole winks a bit. Katsuki’s pulse quickens. He kind of wants to just shove his dick right in there, but he knows he needs to prep the boy. And that wouldn’t be nearly as fun as tormenting Deku slowly like this.

“Why are you struggling?” asks Katsuki. “You’re desperate for me to get in here, aren’t you?” He takes one hand and rubs his fingers in Deku’s crack. The boy chokes out a moan and presses down against him. His hard penis brushes against Katsuki’s wrist.

“Kacchan, please stop teasing,” whispers Deku.

“I think that I’ll tease you as long as I want.” Katsuki strips off his shirt and leans down over Deku, pressing his weight down against the bound boy and shoving his tongue into Deku’s mouth. He really likes kissing the nerd, especially like this when all the boy can do in response is twist helplessly and grind up against him. He bites gently at Deku’s neck. Katsuki really wants to leave a mark, maybe a collar of hickies so that everyone knows Deku’s claimed, but he knows better.

He moves on, sucking a nipple into his mouth and luxuriating in the sounds the nerd makes as he shudders and whimpers. “Please, Kacchan. Sir, I want you i-in me, please.”

Katsuki just ignores that, pressing biting kisses down the smooth plane of Deku’s soft skin, leaving red marks where his teeth scrape. When he gets to Deku’s middle, he figured ‘why not?’ and licks a hot stripe up Deku’s sweet dick.

“Aaah! Oh, yes, Kacchan!” grunts Deku as he thrusts his hips upwards.

Well that won’t do. Katsuki presses his forearms against Deku’s hips, pinning him to the bed easily. This time when he sucks the head of Deku’s penis into his mouth, there’s nothing the nerd can do. No matter how hard the boy tries to thrust himself into Katsuki further, nothing but the head enters. Katsuki licks at the slit of Deku’s cock, appreciating the precum seeping out of him. When Katsuki pulls back, Deku falls out of his mouth with a slick pop.

The boy’s actually crying, fat tears rolling down the sides of his face onto Katsuki’s pillow. He must be so crossed, overstimulated in some places and understimulated in others. The nerd thrusts his hips up in the air uselessly as soon as Katsuki lets him go. This time when Katsuki reaches up and pushes Deku’s knees back, the boy doesn’t resist, instead pushing his hips upwards so that his asshole flexes. “Please Kacchan,” he begs wetly. “Sir, please put it in me.”

“Fuck,” swears Katsuki. He likes bossing Deku around, sure, but he isn’t a fucking saint. He doesn’t have the patience to torment the kid any longer. Katsuki fumbles for the bottle of lotion he left next to the bed, uncapping it and squirting some into Deku’s crack. He rubs the slick across Deku’s hot little hole. “Here’s how this is going to work,” he pants. “You’re gonna relax, and push out a bit, then I’m gonna stick my finger right into you until I hit my knuckle.”

“Yes sir,” agrees Deku even though it wasn’t a fucking question.

Shit. Unable to resist, Katsuki presses forward and Deku just fucking opens for him. Katsuki’s finger sinks inside slowly, and it’s the hottest thing he’d ever imagined. Deku’s ass squeezes down on him from every side, and the thought of putting his dick in there nearly makes Katsuki bust his nut. He thrusts his finger in and out a few times, accidentally finding the bulge of Deku’s prostate.

The nerd fucking loses it. “Kacchan!” His penis bobs in the air as he works his hips to get Katsuki to touch that spot again. “Please, sir, Kacchan. I-I need that.” His eyes are fucking leaking, and his mouth is open wide like he can’t decide which hole he wants Katsuki’s cock in.

“Fuck,” whispers Katsuki, shoving the pad of his finger against Deku’s prostate. More precum dribbles out of the boy’s slit. “How long did you practice this last night?”

The nerd doesn’t answer, too concerned with screwing his eyes closed and bearing down on Katsuki. He pulls his fingers out and Deku’s eyes shoot open. “I asked you a fucking question.”

“I’m sorry, sir.” Deku gulps. “Um, a-a lot. I used- used the…”

Katsuki gets it. “You used the fucking cucumber again? Did you shove it into your ass, trying to get it ready for me?”

“Yes,” Deku sobs. “Please, sir, I can take it.”

Fuck. Fuck. Katsuki grabs the lotion and slathers it all over his dick liberally. Without further ado, he shoves Deku’s knees back to his ears and sticks his cock right into his horny, slutty asshole.

Deku yelps, but Katsuki thinks it’s in pleasure, given the way the nerd’s legs squeeze around his body tightly. Holy fuck. This is- the heat is indescribable. Deku was right; he takes Katsuki like a champ. Katsuki’s cock sinks inch after inch into the boy. Whenever he hits any resistance, Deku just takes a deep breath, and Katsuki’s dick slides in a bit further. When his pubes press against Deku’s taint, Katsuki has to grit his teeth to keep from cumming. It’s like Deku’s ass is the hottest, wettest hand ever, squeezing him tightly with perfect pressure on every side. It’s silky and fucking perfect.

In this position, their faces are only inches apart. So Katsuki can see every excruciating detail of Deku’s reaction to his hips twitching. He shouldn’t have worried about hurting the kid, the whore is in fucking bliss, flexing his sphincter around the base of Katsuki’s penis. Katsuki pulls back and then shoves himself forward.

“Fuck, you were made for this, weren’t you Deku?” Katsuki pants into Deku’s face. “You fucking love having my cock in you. You don’t even care where, as long as it’s inside you.”

“Y-yes, Kacchan. Please don’t take it out.”

Katsuki laughs, but it quickly transitions into a moan. “Shit. I’m not gonna fucking take it out until I’ve cummed into your horny little hole.”

“T-thank you, sir.”

God. Katsuki lowers his hand and captures Deku’s lips in his own, licking inside the boy’s mouth just like his cock is probing inside the kid’s ass. It’s incredible. The tightness around his dick is amazing, of course, but it’s even more thrilling, hearing Deku fucking thank him for it. He’s got the nerd tied up on his bed, shoving his penis in and out of him, and Deku’s still acting like he’s the one winning. Katsuki wonders if there’s anything he couldn’t do.

The thought makes the tenuous grasp he has on his self-control snap. Fuck the consequences. Katsuki pulls his mouth from Deku’s and the boy pants desperately, tilting his hips towards to take Katsuki’s cock better, probably trying to get to poke his prostate. Katsuki latches onto Deku’s neck like a fucking vampire, sucking a huge hickey right where everyone will see. He doesn’t fucking care who notices. It doesn’t matter if anyone tries to separate them, now. Katsuki knows that Deku will come crawling back. The horny little slut couldn’t do anything else.

“You want everyone to see how I own you?” Katsuki mutters into the skin of Izuku’s neck. His thighs tremble from the strain of keeping himself balls deep in the nerd. Deku doesn’t even answer, so caught up in moaning and writhing. Finally, the head of Katsuki’s cock catches against Deku’s prostate, and the boy’s whole body shakes. The heels of his feet knock against Katsuki’s back. He loves the way it feels when he thrusts inwards, and his head rubs against the walls of the nerd’s insides. Deku’s sphincter keeps constricting around him, since the boy is so lost in the pleasure of getting his prostate stimulated. It’s too much. Katsuki can’t hold back anymore.

He cums right into Deku’s asshole, feeling the boy squeeze tightly as semen shoots through his dick and squirts out the head of his cock. Katsuki grunts and shoves his hips against Deku’s, spitting his seed inside the nerd. Unlike the blow jobs, where Deku would swallow right away, now Katsuki feels his cock squelching as he thrusts through his own cum wetting the walls of Deku’s horny ass. Four… five times he jams his balls against Deku’s asscheeks, spilling out more cum from his dick. It’s unreal, how insanely good it feels to breed the nerd. He can actually feel the semen moving through his cock, it’s shooting out so hard.

When it’s over, Katsuki collapses on top of Deku, panting wetly next to his ear. After a moment, Deku struggles. “P-please, Kacchan. I haven’t- I haven’t c-cum yet.” His legs squeeze Katsuki’s waist, and he shoves his cock up against Katsuki’s stomach, but given his frustrated groans, it’s not enough.

Feeling lazy, Katsuki just licks at Deku’s neck, leaving a hickey on the other side to match the first. “You’re alright, nerd. Maybe I should just wait until I’m ready to go again, leave you all wet and desperate for me until I feel like letting you get off.” He kind of liked the idea, actually.

“N-no,” sobs Deku. “Please, sir! S-sir, I need… I need it. I’ve been- been a good boy, right?”

Katsuki sighs. “Fuck. Yeah, I guess you have.” He groans and pushes himself up to his elbows. His dick is still inside the boy, although its softening. Deku moans at the sensation of it pulling at his ass. He thrusts one more time, liking the loud squelch it produced. Fucking Deku’s got big, fat tears rolling down his cheeks. Slowly, Katsuki pulls himself out, watching as all seven of his inches appear from inside the boy. Finally, his head pops out, followed by a stream of Katsuki’s cum.

Well, that won’t fucking do. Katsuki gathers it back up with his fingers and shoves two inside Deku’s sweet little hole. The boy moans desperately and twitches his hips up in the air. “My good little boy, huh Deku? You took me so well.”

“Yes sir,” agrees the nerd.

“This is your present, baby,” grins Katsuki. He presses both fingers against Deku’s prostate, feeling them drag through his sticky semen. He thrusts them inside Deku over and over, relentlessly jabbing them right into Deku’s most sensitive spot.

“S- oh, sir, oh! Yes- I…” Deku’s penis bobs in the air as his hips twist and writhe. “Please, sir, p-please.”

“Okay, good boy, you’ve earned this.” Katsuki grabs Deku’s pretty cock in his hand in jerks it once, twice, and that’s all it takes. The nerd shoots out his cum so hard that it hits Katsuki’s chin. He aims Deku’s dick towards himself, so that the next blast covers his chest and nipples. The nerd’s ass is like a vice around his fingers, fluttering desperately. Katsuki just presses harder against the slight bulge of his prostate.

“Aaaauuuuuuhh,” Deku pants. Katsuki likes holding the boy’s penis, likes milking out the last drops, and really likes running his fingers up it and collecting that little bit, and then bringing it up to Deku’s lips. The boy licks off his semen obediently. With the hand that’s half buried in the boy’s rear, Katsuki takes his thumb and rubs it against Deku’s perineum, and strokes his sweaty balls. “Oh, sir, yes. That’s- th-thank you, Kacchan.”

“That’s my good boy, so grateful, aren’t you?”

“Yes, Kacchan. Thank you.” Deku’s eyes are glazed over, but he still looks up at Katsuki like he’s a supplicant at Katsuki’s temple. Katsuki pets Deku’s stomach, heedless of the way that he’s smearing cum all over the both of them.

“You’re so good for me, Deku. So useful.” He stares contemplatively down at the soiled nerd. Deku looks completely fucking debauched, cock still hard and legs still spread, Katsuki’s fingers buried to their hilts inside of him. He’s covered in cum, not even considering the semen leaking out of his ass around Katsuki’s fingers. It’s the prettiest thing Katsuki’s ever seen. “I think I’m going to do this over and over again, until you forget what it’s like not to be mine. What do you think, Deku?”

“Yes sir. I- I’d like that,” smiles Deku shyly. How he can be so sweet when Katsuki’s dick has been shoved up him, Katsuki has no clue. He fucking loves it, though.

“Good, because there’s so much more where this came from.”

.-.-.