Sakusa checked his watch for the sixth time in the past ten minutes. It was eleven-thirty. That would have been plenty of time to wrap up this job and get back to MSBY to meet up with Meian, if there hadn’t been extenuating circumstances; messy red ones, painting Atsumu’s knuckles and staining his sleeves.

Atsumu threw another punch. Blood spattered the wall, and when Atsumu looked back at Sakusa, there was a splash across his cheek. “Back off, Omi. I can feel ya rushin’ me.”

“It’s eleven-thirty.”

Atsumu rolled his eyes and turned back to the wretched man sagging against the wall. He was still conscious, for the most part. His eyes were foggy as he begged, the words broken, dripping out of his mouth like blood. He probably had a concussion. Sakusa felt no sympathy.

Atsumu swung again, and this time there was a solid, satisfying

crunch

.

The man collapsed, hands fluttering weakly at his nose. Blood surged down his chin and Sakusa cringed toward the door.

Atsumu crouched, unwary of the blood. His back was turned, but still Sakusa knew the exact cut of Atsumu’s expression; slicing grin, glinting eyes, an air of condescension that lingered in the curl of his lip.

“Got the message now?” asked Atsumu, the words lethal. “If you could just follow instructions you wouldn’t have this kinda trouble. Meian-san doesn’t want this to happen again, alright? Don’t make us come back. Our next visit’ll be the last.” Atsumu patted the side of the man’s face, hard enough to draw a wince, before rising.

When he turned back toward Sakusa, his face shifted into a smile; bright and genuine and the polar opposite of the way he’d looked ten seconds before.

“What’re ya just standin’ around for?” asked Atsumu. He sidestepped Sakusa, keeping a careful breath of distance between them. “We’ve got somewhere to be, stop draggin’ your feet and let’s go.”

Sakusa wanted to throttle him. He wanted to slam the door in Atsumu’s face. He wanted to brush Atsumu’s hair back and wipe the blood off of his cheek. He wanted to kiss that stupid grin off of Atsumu’s face.

Sakusa had a lot of conflicting feelings about Miya Atsumu.

He settled for a sigh as he dipped into his pocket for his keys. As they left the building, Sakusa said, “You get a single drop of blood in my car and you’re dead.”

“Sure I am, Omi-kun.”

“And you’re not going to MSBY looking like that,” said Sakusa, eyeing the blood on Atsumu’s shirt more critically than the concerned passersby. “It’s an embarrassment.”

Atsumu shrugged. “I think it’s the mark of a job well done.”

He was joking. He must have been. Even Atsumu wouldn’t have shown up in front of Meian spattered with blood. He had higher standards than that. Even if he hadn’t before, Sakusa had stamped them into him over the past several months.

Sakusa unlocked the car and climbed into the driver’s seat. Atsumu pulled his door open, but didn’t get inside. He leaned in, popped the dash, and fumbled for the box of antibacterial wipes Sakusa religiously kept stocked. Sakusa waited while Atsumu wiped himself down, his hands and his neck and the sleeves of his shirt, although the stains had already begun to set in. They would probably come out at the dry cleaners. Atsumu had been messier than this, more times than Sakusa could remember.

When he was satisfied, Atsumu threw the handful of dirty wipes into a bin on the sidewalk and dropped into his seat, plastic crinkling beneath him. He grinned at Sakusa, clearly proud of himself.

Sakusa rolled his eyes and reached over Atsumu to snatch one more antibacterial wipe. He pressed a gloved fingertip against Atsumu’s chin, tilted his head, and cleaned the smear of blood off of his cheek. Atsumu let him, his eyes falling half-closed, grin fading into something softer.

“You’re disgusting,” said Sakusa. Not because he meant it, but because he felt he should say

something

and it seemed safest.

Atsumu knew that. Of course he did. His smile was smug as he sat back, unflinching as Sakusa shoved the used wipe into Atsumu’s pocket. “So’re you,” said Atsumu. “If you like somebody who’s disgustin’, that makes you disgustin’ by association.”

Sakusa almost said

I don’t like you

.

But every time he said that, it sounded like more of a lie.

He settled for a glance of marked disdain as he started the car.

They weren’t late, but they were the last to arrive at the meeting, and Sakusa considered that to be equally as bad. Several simultaneous conversations bounced around the room as they entered, but Bokuto’s voice was loudest of all.

“No way! Me and Shouyou were out there the other day and the place was empty, cabinets and wardrobes and everything. There was a cat though, I took it home ‘cause it was so little and it-”

Meian laughed at something Inunaki said, his head thrown back, the lines of his shoulders relaxed. He was in a good mood. That was reassuring.

Hinata waved at the pair of them as they crossed the room. Atsumu waved back but Sakusa didn’t bother. The small couch in the corner, to Meian’s right, had been left vacant. Sakusa took his place at the far end and Atsumu plopped down beside him as if he belonged there. Sakusa supposed he did.

Meian clapped his hands once and the sound brought the room to silence. He spread his arms in greeting and said, “Now that the stragglers have shown up, let’s get started.”

Sakusa’s eyes went narrow. Meian laughed again, at ease. “Lighten up, Sakusa. You’re right on time. Which is late for you, but still. Looks like you were busy.” He nodded at the stain on the front of Atsumu’s jacket that the antibacterial wipes had done nothing to suppress. “Give us an update, Miya. What’s been going on in your part of the city?”

Atsumu sat up a little straighter and launched into a highlight reel of their most interesting tasks for the week. He spoke with enthusiasm and an abundance of hand gestures. Sakusa half-listened, but he didn’t give the words his full attention. He’d been there for all of it. He didn’t need to hear it again.

The rest of the Jackals were perfectly quiet, fixated on Atsumu as his gestures grew bigger and his grin grew wider. They laughed along with him when he talked about someone jumping off of a roof to get away from him, only to find Sakusa waiting patiently when they landed on a shattered ankle. Atsumu was charismatic in a way Sakusa could never be. Sakusa supposed it was worth having Atsumu around so he could do the talking for both of them; he’d never liked the attention of a full room.

But Atsumu clearly did, and Sakusa rather liked the way Atsumu’s face lit up when the Jackals laughed at one of his stupid jokes.

“And you should’ve seen their faces when Sakusa walked in,” said Atsumu, his voice rich with humor. “Thought they were gonna shit themselves right there in the middle of the restaurant.”

Everyone laughed except for Sakusa. He stayed quiet and considered how strange his surname sounded when Atsumu said it.

When Atsumu finished, Bokuto picked up the conversation and carried it to his own weekly tasks. Hinata chimed in often, as they’d done most of their work together.

Atsumu settled back to listen, still wearing a vague smile. He hadn’t sat close enough to Sakusa to make physical contact, but when Atsumu tilted his head with the touch of a smile, it was just as tangible as the glide of a fingertip.

The meeting dragged on for a while, which was expected. It was never as brief as Sakusa would have liked.

Finally, when the last of them had gotten a chance to talk about their weekly jobs, Meian said, “Sounds like we’re all doing good. Looks like it too, I’ve seen a lot of progress lately. Hardly anybody tried to short me on money this month.” He patted Inunaki’s shoulder, because he was the closest, but he addressed all of them as he added, “Good work, you guys. Keep it up. I appreciate the effort, seriously. Now go get some food, it’s well past lunch time. Sakusa, hang back. I want to talk to you.”

Sakusa inclined his head and kept his seat as everyone else stood and milled toward the door.

Almost everyone.

“Sounds like somebody’s in

trouble

.” Atsumu’s whisper was equally as annoying as his normal speaking voice. He leered at Sakusa and leaned closer. “Don’t worry, Omi. If ya get fired you can live on my couch. I’ll only make ya pay a little bit for rent.”

“I would rather live on the street,” said Sakusa, which was perhaps the biggest lie he’d ever spoken.

Atsumu scoffed. “Sure.” He clearly didn’t believe it, just as he didn’t believe Sakusa was actually in trouble. If he’d thought so, he would have reacted differently; with concern perhaps, or most likely with a touch of guilt, because he would have found some ridiculous way to blame himself. “I’ll wait downstairs for ya.”

“No, you’ll go to your apartment and change,” said Sakusa, nodding at Atsumu’s stained shirt. “We still have work to do this afternoon, and you’re not doing it dressed like that.”

Atsumu rolled his eyes. “You’re not the boss of me.”

“No, but you’ll do it anyway.”

Atsumu rose with a huff. “Fine, but you’re buyin’ me lunch afterward. It’s your fault I got all bloody in the first place.”

That wasn’t entirely true, but Sakusa didn’t waste his breath disputing it. “We’re eating cheap, then.”

“Stingy bastard.” Atsumu straightened his jacket, although there was no real way to improve his appearance considering the bloodstains. He offered Sakusa a final grin before strolling toward the stairs.

Sakusa watched him go until Meian said, “My office, if you can pull yourself away.”

Sakusa didn’t acknowledge the jab. He rose from the couch and did as he was told, holding the door open for Meian and closing it when they were both inside. Meian flopped into his office chair and leaned back at a dangerous angle as Sakusa paced to the window and looked down at the street three floors below.

“You and Miya are kicking ass lately,” said Meian. “The downtown district hasn’t been this calm in years.”

“That’s what you pay us for,” said Sakusa.

Bokuto and Hinata crossed the street right through the middle of oncoming traffic, disregarding the crosswalk half a block away. It was a miracle neither of them had ever been hit by a car. Well, technically Bokuto had been hit by several cars, but it had never been anything serious.

“I should be paying you more, considering how much money you’ve dragged in over the past couple months.” The wheels of Meian’s chair squeaked as he swiveled. “Seriously, I’m going to pay you more. Consider it a bonus. How much do you want?”

“You pay me enough,” said Sakusa. On the sidewalk below, platinum hair shone in the midday sun as Atsumu emerged onto the street. Sakusa watched him until his view was cut by the edge of the window. “I don’t need anything more.”

“I didn’t say you need it. I said you deserve it.”

Sakusa turned away from the window, folded his arms, and frowned down at Meian. “You’ve paid me more than you should ever since I started working for you. Anything more is overkill, Meian.”

“For someone so smart, you’re the dumbest person I’ve ever worked with, you know that? Nobody turns down money.”

Sakusa shrugged one shoulder. “Miya has been on all of those jobs, too. Give him the bonus. Maybe he’ll use it to move out of that shitty apartment.”

“Hey, watch your mouth.” Meian sat up straight, his chair creaking. “Those apartments are nice. I renovated the fuck out of them.”

Sakusa’s smile brushed against the cradle of his mask. “You should burn them down and start fresh. I’ll help with the burning. You don’t even have to pay me for it.”

“If someone handed you a match, the whole city would go up in flames.”

“Maybe it should. It’s filthy.”

“Yeah, yeah.” Meian reclined in his chair again. “I’ll just add some extra numbers into your next paycheck. You can pretend not to notice so you don’t have to thank me.”

“Don’t.”

“Okay, fine. I won’t.”

Sakusa glared at him. “I’m serious.”

“Yeah, so am I. No bonus. Whatever.”

He was lying. Sakusa would get an extra pay boost whether he wanted it or not. Most people would have been pleased, but Sakusa thought it was a waste of Meian’s money. His salary was already more than he needed, more than any of the other Jackals could claim. Of course he was valuable, but it wasn’t as if Meian needed to pay him extra to keep him around. Sakusa wasn’t going anywhere.

“Was that all you needed?” Sakusa tucked his gloved hands into his pockets.

“What’s the rush? Can’t stand to be away from Miya for more than five minutes at a time?” Meian’s teeth flashed in sharp amusement.

Sakusa had never told him about his relationship with Atsumu – if it could even be called a relationship, Sakusa still wasn’t certain what label to use – but he hadn’t needed to. Meian had known since the day it had started. It was an unfortunate byproduct of years of familiarity.

“As you said before,” said Sakusa, “it’s time for lunch. I’d like to eat sometime today.”

Meian’s grin was unwavering. “Sure. I’m heading over to grandma’s restaurant in about thirty minutes. Meet me over there. I know you don’t mind eating when Shiko is working.”

“Fine.”

Meian raised an eyebrow, waiting. When Sakusa said nothing else, Meian added, “Sure, you can bring Miya, too.”

“I didn’t ask.”

Meian said nothing, but his smugness was palpable.

Sakusa huffed and paced to the door. “We’ll be there.”

“That’s what I thought.”

Sakusa didn’t dignify that with a response. He shut the door behind him with a particularly vicious snap. He didn’t hear anything as he walked away, but he was fairly certain Meian was laughing at him. It wouldn’t have been the first time. He’d made plenty of jokes about Sakusa’s interest in Atsumu.

Sakusa should have minded, but he didn’t.

The walk to Atsumu’s apartment was short. He considered waiting outside, but Atsumu was always slower about getting ready when there was no one around to remind him to hurry. Sakusa opened the outside door with his elbow and climbed the stairs, trying not to think too hard about the thousand people who had come and gone on the same ugly carpet over the past few years.

The apartment was unlocked. Atsumu only left it that way when he was expecting Sakusa.

Sakusa let himself in and was greeted by the clean smell of a recent shower. The air was humid, and when Sakusa peered into the small bathroom, the mirror was still fogged over. Atsumu’s bloody suit was piled on the floor, and Sakusa cringed at the sight. He didn’t know why it was so impossible for Atsumu to invest in a laundry hamper.

“That you, Omi?”

Sakusa gave the messy heap one last frown before following the voice.

Atsumu was in his bedroom, shoving his arms into a crisp white shirt. He pulled it onto his shoulders but left it hanging open as he turned toward Sakusa. “Yup, it’s you. Thought you mighta been a robber.”

That wasn’t true. Atsumu had known it was Sakusa or he would’ve had a gun in his hand.

“You should lock your door, then.” Sakusa folded his arms as Atsumu yanked his pants on and zipped them up. “You never know who could show up in a place like this.”

“A place like this?” repeated Atsumu, skeptical. “Everybody knows Meian-san owns this place. Nobody’s gonna be here who’s not s’posed to be.”

He said that so confidently that Sakusa would have believed it, if he hadn’t noticed the scratches worn into the floor from Atsumu shoving the couch against the front door as a makeshift blockade every time he slept alone. Atsumu was right about the apartments. No one would dare to break into Meian’s property.

But that hadn’t stopped Atsumu’s paranoia.

“It’s trash,” said Sakusa, choosing not to voice his concern for Atsumu’s sleeping habits. “I hate this place.”

“I know, Omi. You’ve made that real clear.” Atsumu straightened the collar of his shirt and started on the buttons, working his way from the bottom up. “You coulda waited outside. I’m tryin’ to hurry.”

Sakusa sighed, quietly enough that Atsumu couldn’t hear. He peeled off one of his gloves, then the other, and Atsumu’s fingers went still on his third button. Sakusa folded his gloves into his pocket and stepped closer, reaching for Atsumu, hesitating with his fingertips floating above a bare chest. Atsumu took a deep breath, as if trying to move closer to Sakusa without actually moving.

Sakusa touched him gently, grazing warm skin, sliding his hand into Atsumu’s half-buttoned shirt to rest at his ink-painted ribs. “Do you want me to wait outside?”

Atsumu leaned into Sakusa’s hand and reached up to slide his fingers into the loop of Sakusa’s mask. “Nah. I guess you can stay if you really wanna.” He flipped the mask away from one of Sakusa’s ears. It dangled limply from the other, the cool air of the apartment dancing over a warm face. “Don’t want ya to be lonely without me.”

“You’re insufferable,” said Sakusa. He wondered when that had started to sound like a term of endearment.

Atsumu smiled as if he was thinking the same thing. He slipped a hand beneath Sakusa’s jacket to rest at his back. When he leaned in, it was with a curling grin. “But you’re gonna kiss me anyway, huh?”

“No. Sounds terrible.”

Atsumu breathed a laugh. Sakusa felt it against his mouth. It should have been disgusting, and it would have been with anyone else. “Sure, Omi.”

Atsumu kissed him, and Sakusa’s hand slid further into Atsumu’s shirt. His skin was warm from the shower and he smelled clean, tasted clean. Sakusa kissed him back and curled fingers around the back of Atsumu’s neck, just beneath the dampness of his hair.

Atsumu hummed against his mouth and took a small step to bring them closer. His lips curved against Sakusa’s in a soft smile as he mumbled, “Wanna take a long lunch break?”

Sakusa kissed him again, lingering, before reluctantly pulling away. “We have to meet Meian. It wasn’t optional.”

Atsumu sighed and took one more taste of Sakusa’s mouth before backing up to start on his buttons again. “But if ya had the choice, would you go see him or stay here with me?”

“Neither,” said Sakusa. “I would go to my own apartment where it’s actually clean.” He slid a judgmental glance at the room. Atsumu had tried to clean it up, he really had, but he wasn’t capable of meeting Sakusa’s impossible standards. “If you were lucky, I’d consider taking you with me.”

Atsumu’s grin was wicked. A stray lock of hair flopped just over his right eye. “After work?”

Sakusa pretended to consider that, and waited until Atsumu was strapping on his holster before answering. “Maybe.”

Most of their days were long, and this one was no exception. They walked the downtown streets, visited a few of Meian’s colleagues who were close to breaking their agreements – and close to losing their lives – and offered one particularly aggressive reminder to a covert gambling den that was in danger of falling behind on their financial obligations to MSBY. Sakusa walked out of that encounter with a heavy pocket and an earful of Atsumu’s laughter.

“I forgot how scary you can be, Omi.” Atsumu’s grin was persistent, even as they drove back toward the middle of the city. “I’m always the one roughin’ people up now. Haven’t seen you make that face in a while.”

“I didn’t make any face in particular,” said Sakusa. He checked the time. It was half past seven, much later than he’d intended for them to be out that day. He eased his speed a little higher.

“Sure ya did. It’s the one you make when you’re

really

annoyed. I used to see it all the time when we first started workin’ together.”

“Probably because you were annoying back then.”

“Maybe.” Atsumu shrugged and leaned to the side to fish his phone out of his pocket. “I’m still pretty annoyin’, though. You just don’t seem to care anymore.” He tapped at his phone screen and his smile shifted into something softer, a little wistful. He typed out a message and Sakusa knew without asking that Atsumu was talking to his brother.

“Do you want me to take you home?” asked Sakusa, when Atsumu looked away from his phone.

“I dunno, Omi.” Atsumu lounged back in the seat and grinned at him. “Do you

want

to take me home?”

Sakusa had half a mind to pull up at the nearest curb and tell him to get out and walk. He sufficed by sliding Atsumu a withering glance that did nothing more than earn another low chuckle.

Atsumu was still annoying. It just didn’t bother Sakusa the way it used to.

Sakusa’s apartment was several streets away from MSBY; close enough that he could get there in a hurry, but far enough that he didn’t have to see it every time he looked out the window. He had a permanently reserved spot in the attached parking garage, and the swipe of a key card was required to gain entry into the building. He lived on the top floor, and the elevator required a key card, too.

Maybe this was why he hated Atsumu’s apartment so much. It was disgusting, sure; but more importantly, there was no security. It would be all too easy for someone to barge in and shoot him.

The same way they’d tried to shoot him when he’d been back in Hyogo, according to Atsumu’s reluctant retelling of the incident. That was probably why he was so paranoid about sleeping, why he always looked tired on the mornings that he and Sakusa hadn’t spent the night together.

“You’re really livin’ the good life up here, Omi.” Atsumu took off his shoes, arranged them neatly beside Sakusa’s, and wandered off to stare out the nearest window. “What’s it feel like to be rich?

“I’m not rich.” Sakusa paced over to stand behind Atsumu and reached around him to pull the curtains open further. When he was there alone he always kept them closed, but Atsumu liked the view. “Meian owns this building so I get the room cheaper. You know that already.”

“Cheaper,” repeated Atsumu, skeptical. “Right. I’m pretty sure

cheaper

is still five times more than I pay Meian for my place.”

He wasn’t wrong, but Sakusa didn’t say that. “Go get cleaned up. You’re sweaty.”

“You can go first, if ya want.” Atsumu peeled his attention away from the window to glance over his shoulder at Sakusa. “I already had a shower today. I’ll still take another one, but if you feel dirty, go ahead. I won’t touch anything while you’re in there.”

Sakusa didn’t like many people. He tolerated the other Jackals, and he had a lot of respect for Meian, but it was rare that he actively

liked

someone.

He liked Atsumu. It was impossible not to, as much as he’d tried in the beginning.

Sakusa cupped a gloved hand at Atsumu’s jaw. He wanted to touch him skin to skin, but couldn’t bear the thought of it until both of them were clean. “Go ahead,” said Sakusa. “I’ll wait.”

Atsumu smiled, face framed by Sakusa’s glove. “Alright then. I’ll wipe down the shower when I’m done. Unless you wanna jump in with me. I won’t complain.” He rested a hand over Sakusa’s for a lingering moment before pulling away.

Atsumu knew his way to the bathroom. It wasn’t his first time in Sakusa’s apartment, or the second time, or even the tenth. He’d been there often, but Sakusa felt it still wasn’t often enough.

Sakusa watched him go, stared after him until the sound of running water rushed through the quiet apartment. It was louder than it should have been. Atsumu had left the bathroom door open in invitation. He always did.

Sakusa turned away to stare out the window, at the Tokyo lights glimmering below. He’d lived in the city for so long that it wasn’t much of a view to him, but Atsumu liked it, which must have meant it was beautiful. He considered slipping into the shower with Atsumu; they’d bathed together many times before. But Sakusa felt so grimy after a long day’s work that he couldn’t bring himself to do it.

He didn’t know how much time drizzled past before Atsumu returned. “Your turn, Omi-kun. I tried not to use up all the hot water.”

“It doesn’t run out,” said Sakusa. He turned away from the window to find Atsumu standing in the middle of the living room, one of Sakusa’s bath towels hitched around his hips. His chest was bare, his hair was wet, and he made for a much better view than the one outside Sakusa’s window.

Atsumu rolled his eyes. “’Course it doesn’t. Forgot it was a rich people shower.”

Sakusa peeled his gloves off as he stepped past Atsumu. “If you say the word

rich

one more time, I’ll have security escort you out.”

“Security,” repeated Atsumu with a wicked grin. “That’s somethin’ only

wealthy

people have.”

Sakusa glared as he left the room and Atsumu only laughed.

The bathroom was a little steamy, but the open door had cleared most of it. The tiled walls of the shower had been wiped down, a clump of blond hair was in the trash instead of the drain, and Sakusa’s meticulously stacked towels hadn’t been disturbed when Atsumu had plucked one from the linen closet. Sakusa considered that as he stripped and stepped into the shower. He cranked the water up to the brink of scalding and closed his eyes against the burn, thinking of how easily Atsumu had adjusted to Sakusa’s personal space.

Sakusa had been worried, the first time he’d invited Atsumu over. He thought it would be a disaster, and that it might affect whatever tenuous connection they’d made. But Atsumu had been nothing less than respectful, and the night had ended with Atsumu in Sakusa’s bed; for the first time, but not the last.

That was where Sakusa found him after leaving the shower. Atsumu was on his bed, golden skin and hair and eyes, legs spread and fingers pushed deeply inside himself.  He was already grinning when Sakusa appeared in the doorway. He’d been waiting.

Sakusa folded his arms and frowned down at him. “Why are you like this?”

“Don’t mind me, Omi. I just got bored while you were showerin’.” Atsumu spread his legs a little wider. Sakusa tried not to look, but it was impossible not to.

“This is what you do when you’re bored? Most people have hobbies. Read a book, Atsumu.”

Atsumu gave a throaty laugh. “Go ahead and read if ya want. I’ll keep quiet.” His grin was smug, as if he knew Sakusa was incapable of simply walking away from him.

Sakusa took a few steps closer, pausing at the foot of the bed. Atsumu had draped a blanket over the duvet before he’d climbed onto it, to contain the mess of lube dripping off of his fingers. That was something Sakusa always did, and it seemed Atsumu had picked up the habit. Sakusa hadn’t considered it at the time, but on the last occasion they’d had sex at Atsumu’s apartment, Atsumu had thrown a blanket down first.

“You’ve never been quiet a day in your life.” Sakusa said it to Atsumu’s face, but his gaze dipped lower as Atsumu’s hips bucked up, his fingers sinking deeper.

“You like that sometimes,” said Atsumu. He slipped his fingers out of himself and curled them around his dick instead. He stroked it slowly, heavy stare fixed on Sakusa. “’Specially when it’s your name I’m sayin’.”

Sakusa tried not to react to that, although the suggestion made him warm. He took one small step closer and tugged at the tie of his bathrobe. “If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you’re flirting with me.”

Atsumu licked his bottom lip, eyes glinting. His hand continued to move in long, slow pulls. “Should I flirt harder, then?”

Sakusa could have continued bantering with him. It was satisfying at times, but more difficult when Atsumu was bare and tauntingly beautiful. Sakusa loosened the knot of his robe and shrugged it off, folding it neatly before putting it aside. Atsumu’s eyes were on him. Sakusa felt it. “I suppose there are worse ways to handle boredom.”

“Yeah?” Atsumu shifted up further on the bed, making room as Sakusa climbed onto the mattress and settled between Atsumu’s knees. “So this is better than readin’?”

Sakusa nudged Atsumu’s hand aside. “There are benefits to both.”

“What’s the benefit of this, then?”

Sakusa pressed his palms against Atsumu’s thighs and spread them wider. “You, I suppose.” He grazed his thumbs back and forth across smooth skin until Atsumu shivered.

“Hey. Kiyoomi.” Atsumu reached out with his clean hand. “C’mere and kiss me.”

Sakusa couldn’t refuse that. He’d found that he was helpless to refuse mostly anything Atsumu asked of him when he used Sakusa’s name like that, soft and careful and nearly a whisper. Sakusa stretched himself over Atsumu, braced himself on an elbow, and dipped down to kiss him.

Atsumu’s breath was cool, minty; he’d brushed his teeth with the spare toothbrush Sakusa kept for him. Soft, dry fingertips traced a path from Sakusa’s hip up to his shoulder blade and back again, slow and unrushed. That was the same way they kissed: with an easy familiarity and a lack of urgency, tongues touching and lingering, Atsumu’s teeth catching at Sakusa’s lip with a playful huff of breath. Sakusa dragged his mouth to Atsumu’s jaw and then down to his throat, taking his time, leaving an occasional scrape of teeth. Atsumu’s head fell back limply, a breathy moan sifting through his lips.

Atsumu’s hand threaded into the back of Sakusa’s hair, tugging gently. “I’ve been thinkin’ about this all day, ya know. That suit you were wearin’ is my favorite. Makes your ass look real good.”

Sakusa pulled away to level a flat stare at him. Atsumu’s grin was unbearably smug and unbearably gorgeous.

“Maybe you should think more about work and less about my ass,” said Sakusa. He pushed himself up on his knees and reached for the condom Atsumu had already tossed onto the bed.

“I can think about more than one thing at a time, Omi-kun.”

“Is that so.” Sakusa tore open the condom and slid it on; slowly, because he liked the way Atsumu watched him. “How many things are you thinking about right now?”

“Just one.” Atsumu’s eyes flicked up, molten gold. “Just you.”

Sakusa hummed as he lowered himself over Atsumu again, one hand dipping between them to circle the base of his own cock. Atsumu’s hips bucked up in invitation. “Are you sure? I don’t want you to be distracted.”

Atsumu cupped the back of Sakusa’s neck, his hair messy, eyes heavy-lidded. “I’m always thinkin’ ‘bout you, Kiyoomi.”

Sakusa kissed him; partly because he wanted to, and partly because he didn’t want Atsumu to notice the sudden warm flush of his face.

Atsumu had stretched himself well, and when Sakusa pushed in, it was with ease. Atsumu gasped and Sakusa licked into his mouth, curling his tongue at the back of Atsumu’s teeth. Atsumu gripped tighter behind Sakusa’s neck to hold him there.

Sakusa gave a smooth thrust of his hips and tasted the timbre of Atsumu’s moan. His voice was beautiful, when he wasn’t using it to scrape at Sakusa’s nerves.

But that didn’t happen often anymore. Sakusa couldn’t remember the last time Atsumu had truly annoyed him, and he didn’t spend much time trying to remember. His priorities were elsewhere, with the hot breath gasping against his jaw and the heat of a body moving underneath him, hips kicking in impatience.

“C’mon, Kiyoomi.” Atsumu was a little breathless, his voice honey-sweet. “Waitin’ all day was enough, I don’t wanna wait anymore.”

Sakusa pulled back and Atsumu went tense beneath him, expecting a thrust that didn’t come. Sakusa kissed Atsumu’s jaw, waited for a few long seconds to tick by, and said, “Say please.”

Atsumu yanked his head to the side to squint at Sakusa. “For what? It’s not like I’m the only one gettin’ somethin’ outta this. Maybe

you’re

the one who should say please, gettin’ to fuck me is a real – oh shit, Omi,

fuck

.”

Sakusa’s thrust knocked the words out of him on an exhale. Sakusa laughed, low in his throat, and pushed into him again. Atsumu’s head fell back and his hips rocked up, his next breath leaving him in a low drag that was almost a whine.

“What was that, Atsumu?” Sakusa pressed his lips against Atsumu’s throat. “Did you have something to say?”

“Nah. Wasn’t sayin’ nothin’. Just keep…

Fuck

. Yeah. Keep doin’ that.”

“Demanding,” murmured Sakusa, as he thrust into Atsumu again.

“Fine.

Please

keep doin’ that. Ya happy now?”

Sakusa left a scrape of teeth against Atsumu’s collarbones. He liked the way Atsumu twitched underneath him. “Yes.” He touched Atsumu’s shoulder, the one that was bare skin instead of dark ink. He smoothed a path down his chest to his ribs, hesitating at the edge of the gunshot scar. Sakusa averted his eyes and slipped lower, curling a hand around Atsumu’s cock. “I’m happy,” said Sakusa quietly, as he gave a shallow stroke that had Atsumu arching beneath him.

Sakusa liked watching Atsumu come apart. He was flushed all the way down to his chest, twitching at the slightest touch, hazy eyes fixed on Sakusa’s face. Atsumu got louder as Sakusa dragged it out, his voice leaving him in little moans every time Sakusa thrust into him. He was messy where Sakusa stroked him, moisture clinging between Sakusa’s fingers in a way that should have been revolting.

Sakusa kissed Atsumu’s neck and kept going, dragging a thumb across the head of Atsumu’s cock, savoring the way it twitched in his hand.

“Kiyoomi.” Atsumu dragged the name long, tilted by his accent. “Stop playin’.”

Atsumu looked a little wrecked, but Sakusa thought he may have looked the same himself. He grinded his teeth to keep himself from coming as Atsumu clenched around him.

Sakusa braced his elbow on the bed by Atsumu’s shoulder to stay upright and cupped his hand at Atsumu’s jaw. His face was warm against Sakusa’s palm. Sakusa touched a thumb to Atsumu’s bottom lip, to keep it from pinching between his teeth. “I’m not playing.”

“Liar.” Atsumu raised his head to suck Sakusa’s thumb between his lips. He bit it lightly, the corner of his mouth curling into a smirk. “Don’t tease me anymore. You wanna come just as bad as I do.” The words were distorted around Sakusa’s thumb. “Go ‘head. I like the face you make.”

Sakusa twisted his wrist to squeeze Atsumu’s cock, and Atsumu jolted underneath him. His mouth went slack, and Sakusa pushed his thumb in further, pressing down on Atsumu’s tongue before pulling away. He planted a hand on the mattress by Atsumu’s head and gave a quick, shallow thrust.

“Fine,” said Sakusa. “I will, but you’ll come first.”

Atsumu licked his lips. “You sure ‘bout that? You look pretty close to me. I like ya like this, Kiyoomi.”

Sakusa dipped down to kiss him, just to shut him up, just so Atsumu wouldn’t notice that Sakusa’s face was getting warm again. He probably knew already. He knew Sakusa better than anyone else did.

Sakusa sped up his thrusts, pushed in deeper, and worked his wrist in quick snaps as he stroked Atsumu. Atsumu arched so high that only his shoulders remained on the bed. His legs squeezed around Sakusa, his moan peaked louder, and he came with a hard jolt, one hand digging into the blanket and the other clutching at Sakusa’s forearm.

Sakusa was right. Atsumu came first, but just barely. Sakusa was right behind him, thrusting deep into Atsumu as he clenched around him, with Atsumu’s name heavy on his tongue as he leaned in to kiss him.

In the past, Sakusa had often thought sex wasn’t worth the payoff. It was too messy, too intimate. He’d gone through a few partners, but he’d always thought it was easiest to get himself off in private to spare the time and the hassle.

He supposed he would have felt differently back then, if he’d known sex could be like this.

Sakusa pulled out of Atsumu and sat back on his heels. He was too hot and unbelievably sweaty and he badly needed another shower, but he couldn’t move just yet. Atsumu took a few heavy breaths, his broad chest rising and falling, shiny with sweat. He pushed himself up on his elbows and offered Sakusa a lazy grin.

“You came first, didn’tcha?”

“No. I didn’t.”

“Don’t believe ya. Same time at best.” Atsumu sat up, his own come dripping down the hard planes of his stomach. He reached out for Sakusa and peeled the condom off carefully, tying it with an expert twist of his fingers. “You good?”

“We need to shower.”

“Five minutes. Lay down, take a breath.”

Sakusa sighed and moved aside, untangling his legs from Atsumu’s. He stretched out on his side, propped on an elbow, as Atsumu wiped himself off with the corner of the blanket. He folded it neatly when he was finished, containing the mess, and rolled over to face Sakusa.

“Wanna go again?” asked Atsumu with a crooked grin.

Sakusa stared flatly back. “After you whined all day about how tired you were? I think not. We’re going to bed.”

Atsumu laughed, sharp and bright and somehow soothing. Sakusa folded his elbow in to lie more comfortably.

“We goin’ after the dealers again tomorrow?” asked Atsumu. “Bokkun thinks he caught a lead. We could team up with him.”

“Or you could get the information and we’ll do it ourselves.”

Atsumu shrugged. “That works too.” He reached out to touch Sakusa’s shoulder and traced light fingertips down to his wrist. “I’m goin’ out with Bokkun and Shouyou-kun tomorrow night. We’re gettin’ dinner and drinks. You should come.”

“I’d rather not.”

Atsumu’s bottom lip poked out. It wasn’t quite a pout, but it was close. “Will ya at least think about it?”

Sakusa wanted to say no. He wanted to say that he didn’t need to think about it, because he had no desire whatsoever to go out with Bokuto and Hinata. He wanted to say that it didn’t matter how much Atsumu pouted, he wouldn’t change his mind. But he said, “Fine. I’ll think about it. Don’t get your hopes up.”

Atsumu’s grin returned. He shifted closer and leaned in for a kiss, and Sakusa didn’t stop him. Atsumu curled up close, carefully keeping his sticky torso away from Sakusa. He settled for resting a hand on top of Sakusa’s and lying so close that they could taste each other’s breaths.

“Hey, Omi?”

“Hmm?”

There were a few seconds of silence that dragged longer. Atsumu must have decided not to say anything after all. Sakusa thought that might be for the best. He suspected he knew what was on Atsumu’s mind, and he didn’t think he was ready to hear it.

Someday, maybe. Just not yet.

“It’s been five minutes,” said Sakusa, although he didn’t move.

“Nah,” said Atsumu. “It’s only been like two.”

He was lying, but Sakusa didn’t call him on it. He folded his hand into Atsumu’s, closed his eyes, and waited. In a few minutes they would have to get up and shower, because Sakusa couldn’t rest if they didn’t. He would have to fold up the blanket they were lying on and put it in a bag to be washed the next day. He would spend too much time running through tomorrow’s tasks in his head, thinking over the details until they interfered with his sleep.

Except that last thing didn’t happen so much anymore, not when Atsumu was with him. Sakusa always slept better with Atsumu in his bed. It should have been the opposite; he’d never gotten good sleep when someone else was in the same room.

But something about Atsumu was different. Everything about Atsumu was different.

“Okay, it’s been five minutes,” said Atsumu, when it had been closer to fifteen. He pressed a kiss to Sakusa’s temple and sat up. “Shower together?”

Sakusa sighed and peeled himself upright, almost reluctant. He took in the sight of Atsumu, messy-haired and heavy-eyed and soft-smiled. Sakusa said, “Sure.”

Over the past nine months – Sakusa marveled that it had been nine months since Atsumu had moved to Tokyo, because it didn’t feel that long at all – the two of them had developed a routine. When they didn’t spend the night together, Sakusa drove to Atsumu’s apartment every morning, parked at the curb, sent him a text, and waited approximately three minutes for him to walk to the car.

On one particular Friday, Sakusa followed this routine to perfection.

Atsumu did not.

Sakusa checked the time again. Seven minutes had gone by since he sent the text, and there was still no Atsumu. He sent another one, simply Atsumu’s name, in case he’d missed the first.

Four more minutes ticked by, and there was nothing.

Objectively, eleven minutes wasn’t much time. In this situation, it was far too long. Sakusa got out of his car and headed inside, his pace brisk. He didn’t like inconveniences, but he was too concerned to be annoyed. Atsumu was never late.

The door to Atsumu’s apartment was locked. Sakusa took a little comfort in that, because on the way up the stairs he’d conjured too many mental images of the door hanging off of the hinges, the wood splintered and broken. He sighed and reached into his pocket for the key. Maybe Atsumu had overslept, or forgotten to set an alarm.

Or maybe he’d been killed in his bed.

Sakusa snapped a curse under his breath, half at himself at half at the key that he fumbled. He jammed it into the lock, twisted, and shoved open the door.

Atsumu was in the small kitchenette, wearing only a pair of low-riding sweatpants, the smell of food bursting from the sizzling cooktop.

Sakusa released a long, slow breath. He pretended his pulse hadn’t ratcheted so high from his own ridiculous imagination that it had sent his heart hammering in his chest. “Why are you cooking? When I offered to burn the place down, I didn’t mean like this.”

Atsumu turned to look at him over a bare shoulder; a shoulder painted by monochrome ink instead of color.

Sakusa belatedly realized this wasn’t Atsumu.

“Oh. Mornin’, Sakusa.” Osamu looked at the cooktop, poked at something with a spatula, and turned back again. “Didn’t know you were comin’ over. I’ll put more food on.”

Sakusa wasn’t sure what to say to that. He glanced around the room, which was otherwise empty. “Where’s Atsumu?”

“Shower. He woke up late.” Osamu balanced the spatula against the edge of a pan and went to Atsumu’s small refrigerator. “How d’you like your eggs?”

“I’m not hungry.”

Osamu hummed. “Alright. I’ll make ‘em however I want, then.” He withdrew with a package of eggs, as if Sakusa hadn’t spoken at all.

Sakusa was quietly annoyed by the disruption of his routine, although he couldn’t be angry that Osamu was here. It didn’t happen as often as Atsumu would have liked, and at least it wasn’t-

“Osamu?” The voice came from Atsumu’s bedroom, and Sakusa was immediately on edge. “Who are you talking to?”

Osamu glanced back at Sakusa, as if he felt the tension. He called back, “Sakusa is here.”

There was no answer, and that was probably for the best.

Sakusa turned and stalked toward the bathroom door. He flung it open without knocking, kicked it shut behind him, and was immediately engulfed in steam.

“Hold your piss for five minutes, ‘Samu, I’m almost done,” said Atsumu from behind the opaque curtain. “Check my phone and see if Omi texted me yet. He’ll prob’ly be here in a few.”

“Atsumu.”

There was a stretch of silence, with only the splash of the shower and the distant clang of a pan. Then Atsumu ripped the shower curtain open, his hair dripping down his face, eyes wide. “Omi! M’sorry, I slept too long. Gimme a minute, I’m almost done.”

“Did Suna stay here last night?” Sakusa tried to keep his voice passive.

Judging by Atsumu’s wince, he didn’t succeed. “C’mon, Omi. You know ‘Samu stays here with me when he comes into town. I’m not gonna say they hafta go somewhere else just ‘cause Suna is with him.”

Sakusa personally felt that was exactly what Atsumu should have done, but he didn’t say so. There was no point. Atsumu knew how Sakusa felt, and Sakusa understood why Atsumu felt differently.

That didn’t make Sakusa despise Suna any less. He thought he would always feel the same way about Suna, considering what had happened to Atsumu because of his stupid decisions.

Sakusa had learned to like Osamu. He didn’t have much of a choice, as close as Atsumu was to his brother.

But he didn’t have to like Suna. He refused.

“I hate this apartment,” said Sakusa flatly. He’d said it many times before, but this time he particularly meant it. He hated the building, even with Meian’s renovations. He hated that Suna could come and go as he pleased, as if he’d never done anything wrong at all. He hated that Atsumu lived here by himself, as vulnerable as a man of his skill and lethality could possibly be.

Atsumu rolled his eyes. “I know, Omi. You say that all the damn time. I’ve looked at a couple other places, I just haven’t decided if-”

“Move in with me.” Sakusa said it before he meant to, before he realized he had even decided to make the offer. He surprised himself, but he didn’t take it back.

Atsumu wiped water out of his left eye and blinked at Sakusa. His face was slack except for a small furrow between his eyebrows. “What?”

“You heard me.”

Atsumu pulled the shower curtain open a little further, to get a better look at Sakusa. “Nah, I don’t think I did.”

Sakusa crossed the room in three strides and stood in front of Atsumu, stray splashes of shower droplets warm against his jaw. “Move in with me.”

Atsumu blinked again. “Omi, you can’t really want me to-”

“If I didn’t want it, I wouldn’t have offered.”

Atsumu bit his lip. He was only half-concealed by the curtain, but he didn’t seem to mind. “Are you only askin’ ‘cause Sunarin is here?”

“No, Atsumu. I’m asking because I want you to live with me.” Sakusa reached out to flatten a piece of wet hair away from Atsumu’s eyes. His sleeve was damp when he pulled back, but he didn’t care. “I have for a while. I didn’t ask because I thought you would say no.”

The shower pattered loudly. Muffled voices came from beyond the closed bathroom door.

“Why would I say no?” asked Atsumu, as if he genuinely didn’t know.

Sakusa huffed a laugh. It was bitter, and the twist of his smile was so harsh that he was glad it was hidden behind his mask. “I’m difficult to live with, in case you haven’t noticed.”

Atsumu’s nose scrunched. “Like I’m not?” He snatched at the towel draped over the shower rail, stepped halfway out of the shower spray, and dried off his face and hands. “You sure you want me around all the time?” said Atsumu. His hand was hot when he reached out to touch Sakusa’s face. “It’s okay if you don’t. I know I’m annoyin’ sometimes.”

“All the time,” lied Sakusa. “But yes, I’m sure.”

Atsumu smiled, one of the soft, genuine ones that made his eyes dance. He glanced down at himself and said, “Couldja have maybe asked me when I wasn’t naked so we coulda hugged or somethin’?”

Sakusa snorted and took a step back. “Take the day off,” he said instead of answering. “Spend it with your brother. We didn’t have much to do, anyway. We can talk about this again tomorrow.”

“Yeah, okay.” Atsumu pushed back his wet hair. “You sure you’ll be alright workin’ without me?”

“I did it for years, Atsumu. I think I’ll be fine.” He almost left it at that, but he imagined how he would have felt if Atsumu had been out doing jobs on his own. Sakusa amended, “I’ll most likely spend the day with Meian, anyway. I need to catch him up on some of the work we’ve done lately.”

“Alright.” Atsumu reached to close the shower curtain again, but hesitated. “Will you come out to dinner with us tonight? Me and ‘Samu and… Suna.”

Sakusa took a breath. The steam was so thick he felt it thrashing in his lungs. It took effort to agree, but he said, “Sure.”

He didn’t have to look at Atsumu to know he was smiling.

“Thanks, Omi. You should stay for breakfast, too. ‘Samu is real good at cookin’.”

Sakusa wanted to refuse on general principle. Agreeing to spend his evening with them was enough. He wanted to limit his exposure to Suna as much as possible to reduce the chances of not-so-accidentally killing him.

But he knew it would make Atsumu happy, so he said, “Fine.”

He didn’t turn to see Atsumu’s smile but he felt it, warmer than the shower steam, as he quietly left the room. Suna was in the kitchen, leaning against a counter with his arms folded as Osamu laid out plates. Suna went stiff when Sakusa looked at him. He had good survival instincts.

Osamu noticed the shift of Suna’s posture before he noticed Sakusa. He said, “So you stayin’ for breakfast?”

Sakusa looked between them. There was a loud rattle from the bathroom as Atsumu dropped something, probably his soap.

Sakusa said, “Yes. I’m staying.”

Osamu nodded, his face as neutral as Atsumu’s was expressive, and laid out one more plate.