Megumi regrets agreeing to this. Nobara dragged him to this frat party, arguing she couldn’t possibly go alone and that she desperately needed him to be her wingman. Then, of course, she had immediately dumped him to pursue her crush. He knew this would happen, had told her to suck it up and go without him, but Nobara had a method of persuasion that was impossible to refuse: “If you don’t come with me, I’ll stop driving you to the animal shelter you like.”

Sighing, Megumi looks around. The house is packed with college students drinking, dancing, and performing desperate mating rituals. There’s a group of guys flexing their biceps like bodybuilders from the seventies. He hears a chorus of giggling as a load of girls brush hair behind their ears, reaching out in unison as if possessed to squeeze the nearest bulging arm.

He figures he can have a beer, wait around for fifteen minutes, and call it a night. With that thought in mind, he moves towards what he reckons is the kitchen; these places are all built the same.

Skirting the crowd, Megumi enters a corridor, edges past some people snogging like their lives depend on it, and pushes into the room.

It’s bright. When Megumi’s eyes adjust, he sees three men manning the booze and makes direct eye contact with the one in the middle. He has peach-pink hair, a short undercut, and is phenomenally good-looking.

Eyes trained on Megumi, the stranger yells: “Dibs!”

He glances around—he’s the only newcomer. Feeling a furious blush rise, he turns around and walks right out.

“No, wait!” he hears. He’s torn between escaping deeper into the house or heading for the entrance. This hesitation allows the man to catch up.

“You’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen. Ever,” he says, sounding entirely too earnest.

“Sure,” Megumi peers over his shoulder to evaluate how easily he can make a run for it. The couple are still loudly making out, but he thinks if he’s quick—

“Like a fallen angel sort of beautiful,” the man continues.

“Uh huh,” Megumi decides to brave the way he came. He doesn’t want to risk getting lost, or worse, be roped into staying longer by Nobara.

He moves and the guy scrambles to follow him, accidentally knocking into another partygoer, causing him to stumble.

Megumi pauses and narrows his eyes. “How much have you had to drink.”

“Nothing. It’s my turn as guardian.” The man straightens, gesturing to the kitchen, where he’d been doling out cups of alcohol. Megumi raises an eyebrow. Satisfied he has his full attention, the man continues: “So,” he grins broadly. “What’s your name and how do you like your eggs in the morning?”

Megumi snorts. Against his better judgement, he says, “I’ll bite. Fushiguro Megumi. You?”

“Itadori Yuuji. Eggs?”

“Bold of you to assume I’d stick around long enough for you to cook me eggs.”

“Does that mean you’re sticking around at all?”

Megumi looks him up and down, and feels somewhat aggravated. He doesn’t normally choose based on looks, but if he did, Yuuji would be exactly his type. It’s as if some deity knew all his preferences and crafted the perfect weapon, the ultimate thirst-trap, just for him.

Yuuji’s hair is soft and unstyled. He’s got adorable, almond eyes and a boyish smile. But he’s also powerful, with a defined jawline and athletic build which is painfully apparent despite his oversized T-shirt. Megumi finds him achingly handsome. Fuck.

He thinks about how, if he’s being honest, it’s been a while, and about how this man is very hot and apparently very into him. He considers his alternative plan for the night, which was watching funny dog videos.

He comes to a decision—the dog videos aren’t going anywhere, after all.

“Alright. Take me to your place.”

“What, right now?” Yuuji seems surprised, but his smile widens charmingly. “For real?”

“It’s now or never. You choose.”

“Now it is. Let’s go,” Yuuji interlaces his fingers with Megumi’s.

“You’d neglect your guardian duties? Just like that?”

Yuuji looks at him like he’s an idiot. “I invoked the ancient law of dibs,” he says, leading them further down the corridor.

“Uh. The exit’s that way,” Megumi points out.

“My room’s just upstairs.”

“Hold up.” He tugs his hand free, stopping. “You’re a frat boy?”

Yuuji turns back, surprised. “You didn’t know?”

“Was I supposed to?”

Yuuji looks confused, but it disappears quickly, “I guess not. Does it matter?”

Megumi scans his body again and sighs. “It can’t be helped.”

The room is on the top floor, music barely audible. The walls are decorated with film posters and countless polaroids. There’s a teddy bear wearing mini boxing gloves on the double bed with a real pair to match on a shelf that's packed with books. It’s surprisingly clean, apart from the hoodies Yuuji is currently gathering in his arms, which he dumps in a laundry basket.

“Sorry about the mess,” he says. Megumi doesn’t reply; he’s actually really impressed. He thought frat boys lived like vermin.

Yuuji walks over, invading his space to close the door behind Megumi, who’s been standing like a moron in the entrance. He frowns. Yuuji smiles and flicks the lock before planting a hand on his waist, brushing his dark hair back with the other.

A long moment passes as they look at each other. Megumi feels that magnetic rush that comes before an inevitable kiss, unable and unwilling to tear his eyes from Yuuji’s amber gaze. Tension swells between them, weighty with anticipation, until they lean in at the same time.

Yuuji tastes like fresh mint and Coca Cola. He kisses like he wants to know everything about Megumi, hand tightening where it grips his waist, head tilting as he opens his mouth. He’s thorough, passionate. Megumi thinks Yuuji kisses like it’s his first and last time doing so, like he’s starving.

Megumi feels a little dazed. To reorient himself, he pulls away and pushes Yuuji to the centre of his room. Walking past, he kicks his shoes off to sit on the bed. Yuuji watches from where he stands, head cocked.

“Take off your clothes,” Megumi says.

“Like a strip tease?”

“If you want.”

“Does it turn you on to boss me around?”

“A little bit.” Megumi leans back, raising an eyebrow as if to say, What are you waiting for? Yuuji shrugs, and begins.

He smirks as he removes his shirt with excruciating slowness, throwing it in the hamper without looking. He gazes down at Megumi, smouldering, muscles tensing exquisitely, strong and taut in the low light of his room. He runs a hand down his chest, brushing a nipple and executing a perfect, slow-motion body roll at the same time. Megumi gulps.

Then, suddenly, Yuuji grins, swinging his hips and wiggling his butt, rotating so his back is to Megumi. With exaggerated coyness, he looks over his shoulder and winks, hooking his thumbs into his jeans as he dances to and fro jauntily.

Megumi can’t help but laugh. “This is… not what I had in mind.”

“Well, it’s what you’re getting,” Yuuji says. “Oh!” He stops, turning back. “I have a striptease playlist. Should I put it on?”

“Just get naked. At this point I don’t care.”

“Alright.” He tugs his trousers down unceremoniously, taking his boxers off at the same time. He’s half hard, standing proudly in the centre of his room without an ounce of shame. Figures, Megumi thinks. The man is built like a god.

He gestures for Yuuji to join him on the bed, pushing him onto his back to kneel between his open legs. Leisurely, he runs his eyes down Yuuji’s tanned body, from the smattering of freckles across his strong torso to his light brown nipples. Megumi takes in the defined curves of his abs, follows the trail of strawberry hair, lower to his thickening—

“Like what you see?”

His eyes flick back up. Yuuji has one hand behind his head, a lazy confidence in his gaze that makes Megumi’s heart quicken. He doesn’t answer, sharply tweaking a nipple and eliciting a soft gasp from the other man.

He lowers his head to lick a long stripe up the length of Yuuji’s now fully erect cock. Yuuji groans, hips jerking. Megumi holds back a smile as he wraps one hand around the base of his shaft, using his other to massage his balls as he suckles on the red, leaking tip. He’s big. It’ll take a little preparation, but looking at him now, Megumi cannot wait to ride him. He spits, letting a string of saliva connect his lips to Yuuji’s erection, using the extra lubricant to pump him firmly.

Megumi loves oral, loves how powerful he feels dictating someone else’s pleasure.

“Play with my hair,” he orders, swallowing Yuuji down. He tastes clean, hot, and slightly bitter. Megumi hollows his cheeks, sucking firmly before pulling off with a wet pop. “Now.” Yuuji makes some kind of choking noise as he tugs on Megumi’s hair, voice caught in his throat.

Megumi gets back to work. He swipes his tongue over the slit and flicks the sensitive skin underneath the head; Yuuji writhes beneath him, letting out stuttering gasps as he shallowly thrusts up into his mouth. His responsiveness gets Megumi riled up; he moans loudly, grinding onto the bed when Yuuji tugs on his hair. Yuuji groans too, hips twitching, before he pulls Megumi off. They’re both panting, desperately worked up.

Megumi’s lips are swollen and his voice is hoarse when he says, “Undress me.”

Yuuji chuckles. “I see how it is, making me do all the work.”

Megumi is unimpressed. “I literally just sucked your dick.”

“Ah, well. When you put it that way...” He pulls Megumi into his lap, wrapping his arms around him for a firm kiss. Megumi runs his hands through Yuuji’s hair and gasps when his ass is roughly groped through his clothes.

“Where’s your lube,” Megumi asks, breathless.

Yuuji blinks at him. “Bottom drawer.” Megumi reaches for it as the other man continues, “I thought I’d be topping. I don’t mind—”

“Only in the most basic sense,” he interrupts. “But yes. You’ll be topping.”

Yuuji swallows thickly. “Can you, uh, get naked now?”

“It’s not my fault you didn’t undress me when I asked,” Megumi retorts as he retrieves the bottle.

“Right.” Yuuji sits up. “How do you feel about your shirt?”

Megumi looks down at himself. “This? It’s just Uniqlo.”

“Great.” In one swift motion Yuuji tears his top from collar to hem, dropping the ruined fabric to the floor. “Stand up.” Megumi’s speechless—that was unfathomably hot—and drops the lube on the bed, rising.

“Do not rip my jeans,” he says after a moment.

Yuuji laughs as he removes them. “I’m flattered you think I could.”

Finally naked, Megumi picks up the lube and tells Yuuji to lay back and watch.

“Can’t I do that?” he asks as Megumi straddles his thighs and reaches a hand back to spread his own cheeks.

“Maybe next time,” he replies unthinkingly. Realising what he’s said, he frowns, seeing Yuuji’s expression turn hopeful. “If there is a next time,” he continues. Yuuji rolls his eyes, grabbing his own cock to loosely stroke himself, but Megumi smacks his hand away and grips the base of his dick.

“No touching. You touch either yourself or my body before I say you can, and I don’t let you come. Understood?”

Yuuji’s head is thrown back against his pillows, eyes tightly closed. “Please stop squeezing my dick, I’m going to die.”

Megumi lets go and Yuuji exhales. “Understood?”

“Yeah, got it.” He opens his eyes. “You plan on torturing me.”

“Shut up. I’ll make you come so hard you’ll lose your mind.”

“I don’t have a brain to begin with, so—”

Megumi cuts him off with a kiss. Their noses bump as he tugs on Yuuji’s bottom lip with his teeth. When he pulls away, Yuuji is staring at him. Potent, intoxicating, and heady. He threads his fingers through Megumi’s locks, bringing him back down for a closed mouth kiss, pressure heavy. Inhaling, Megumi moves back, finally uncapping the lube to pour some onto his fingers.

Yuuji watches him fuck himself open, listening to Megumi’s long, slicked fingers spreading his hole as he pants down at the man beneath him. Yuuji’s tongue runs over his bottom lip as he stares, fists clenched in his sheets. He looks almost pained when Megumi whines, trembling as he brushes against his prostate, three fingers sunk inside himself. Megumi’s impressed he’s lasting so long with the ‘no touching’ rule, but also slightly disappointed—he wanted to make him beg.

When he’s finally prepared, he snatches a condom from the same drawer. Hurriedly tearing the packet with his teeth, he rolls it on smoothly, drawing a hiss and making Yuuji’s cock jump.

“Grab the headboard behind you,” Megumi says as he lines himself up, drizzling extra lube over Yuuji’s shaft.

“What?”

“Grab it.” He guides Yuuji to his entrance, easing himself onto him slowly. The stretch is agonisingly good, both static and electric. He sinks down Yuuji’s hot length until he’s completely seated on the other man’s lap. Yuuji’s knuckles are white, elbows bent by his ears, muscles tense as he grips his bed, holding his breath. Megumi exhales shakily, feeling a satisfying burn as Yuuji’s erection presses against his walls, feeling the pulse of connection between them.

“Fuck.” Yuuji is completely still beneath him and Megumi is once again astounded by his self-control. He shifts forward to adjust and Yuuji finally releases a long, deep groan. “Oh my god. Move.”

Megumi starts off slow, dragging his ass up before slamming back down. Almost immediately, Yuuji matches him, thrusting up in sync.

“Ah,” Yuuji grunts. “You feel so good.”

Good is an understatement; Yuuji inside him feels nothing short of amazing. Megumi loses himself to the sensation of being filled, of his own cock hitting his stomach. He becomes a slave to the urgent, building heat in his groin as they unconsciously gain momentum together. They set a brutal rhythm, the filthy sound of skin slapping skin, squelching and wet from the lube, fills the room. Megumi’s panting, sweat gathering in his collarbones as they fuck.

“I wanna touch you,” Yuuji says, voice strained. His hands are still on the headboard; Megumi’s own have settled on his torso, allowing him to rock up and down with precision.

“Beg for it.”

Yuuji jerks his hips violently, jolting Megumi from his position. He lands on Yuuji’s chest, breath leaving him in a huff of surprise. Yuuji pistons his hips double time, the new angle causing him to rub repeatedly against Megumi’s prostate. Megumi is dizzy with pleasure, eyes pinched shut, mouth gaping in a silent cry into Yuuji’s neck. He can feel Yuuji’s balls smack heavily against him with the force of their fucking.

“Let me touch you,” Yuuji repeats.

Finding his voice, Megumi chokes out, “Try harder.”

“Come on. Please,” Yuuji groans.

“Not good enough." He nips the sensitive skin on Yuuji’s throat, feels his muscles clench in frustration under his lips.

“Please, please, for the love of god, let me touch you. I need to touch you, fuck.”

Megumi can’t help but concede—he’s just as desperate to have Yuuji’s hands on him. “Okay.”

The response is immediate. Yuuji drops his hands from the headboard to wrap them around Megumi’s back, sitting up so they’re chest to chest, upright. The action disrupts their tempo, but pushes him in deeper, causing an intense throb of pleasure to rocket through Megumi’s core. He grips Yuuji’s shoulders, dick caught between their stomachs, leaking and hard, the friction painfully good. Their noses brush as they gasp into each other’s open mouths, lips touching in barely there kisses, breathing the same air.

Yuuji grabs two fistfuls of Megumi’s ass, licking a trail of sweat starting from his clavicle, dragging his tongue up to mouth at his jaw. Megumi tosses his head back, sighing as Yuuji places sloppy kisses along his neck, sucking and nibbling on his pale skin while Megumi bounces in his lap.

“I’m gonna come,” Yuuji says, voice raw.

“Not yet.” Megumi feels molten, white hot, every thrust grinding Yuuji’s cock against that spot inside him, quivering and bright.

“I’m gonna.”

He tugs Yuuji’s hair forcibly, pulling his head back so he can look at him. The eye contact is staggering, but Megumi persists. “I said. Not. Yet.”

Yuuji screws his eyes shut and jackhammers into Megumi, blindly wrapping a hand around his dick. He jerks his fist twice before Megumi’s moaning, white strips of cum splattering on Yuuji’s chest. His eyes close involuntarily as the tension bursts; when he opens them, Yuuji is staring at him, scorching with desire.

Light headed, Megumi rises, gasping when Yuuji’s cock slides out of him. “Since you’ve been so good,” he breathes, “You can come wherever you want.” He pulls the condom off, tossing it to the side.

Yuuji’s cock is weeping, the entire shaft red and veiny. He has an almost feral expression as he says, “Can I come on your face?”

“Can I come on your face, please.” Megumi is amazed at how level he sounds, he feels completely brainless.

“Can I come on your face, please.” Yuuji looks like he might cry. Megumi nods, lowering himself and looking up through dark lashes at the other man, who’s kneeling over him. He opens his mouth to let his tongue loll out. "Fuck." Yuuji barely touches himself before he’s shuddering bodily, a low groan breaking from his lips as he spurts cum in thick ribbons onto Megumi’s mouth, brow, and cheeks.

When he’s finished, he sits back on his legs, breathing heavily, chest flushed red and hair in disarray. He watches Megumi, who uses a thumb to wipe a glob of cum from his cheek, sucking the digit into his mouth.

“Holy fuck,” says Yuuji. Megumi hums.

A few moments pass as they stare at each other. Then the pink-haired man stands, disappearing through a door Megumi hadn’t noticed before. He returns with a damp towel, which he uses to tenderly wipe Megumi’s face. When he’s done, he leans in for a shockingly sweet kiss.

Then he pecks him on the nose, saying, “Shower time.”

Megumi blinks, exhaustion suddenly hitting him. He flops back onto the bed. “Give me a minute.”

“Alright. I’ll warm it up for us.”

Megumi frowns, lifting his head. “Wait, you have an en suite?” Come to think of it, Yuuji’s room is massive, kitted out with a double bed, a desk and a sofa, in addition to his various shelves.

“Oh, yeah. Presidential privileges.”

Megumi’s eyes widen. “I fucked the frat king!?”

“You better believe it, baby,” Yuuji calls from the bathroom. “Water’s warm.” He pokes his head round the door, chuckling at the sight of Megumi supine on the bed. “I’ll carry you,” he says, sweeping him into his arms. Megumi’s too bone dead to protest, and kind of likes how easily Yuuji can manhandle him.

He feels more present after their shower, in which Yuuji had thoroughly, caringly, scrubbed them down with his raspberry scented body wash.

Megumi looks at his ruined shirt on the floor and hesitates.

“Stay the night?” Yuuji is pulling on pyjama pants, chestnut eyes clear and hopeful.

He shrugs. “Gimme a top.” Yuuji grins, rushing to his drawers. He chucks a well-worn T-shirt over, which has a tacky graphic of a wolf howling on it. “Cute.”

“You are,” Yuuji says. Megumi frowns, pulling on the shirt and his boxers, climbing into bed to hide his blush. Yuuji takes another minute, picking up the condom and their clothes, tidying around them. “Do you need a phone charger? Water?”

“What a gentleman,” Megumi yawns. “Water?”

“Okay." He fills a spare glass from his bathroom tap, placing it on his bedside table and joining Megumi under the covers. Nose to nose, Yuuji cradles Megumi’s face, running his thumb over his cheek. They lean in together, a firm press of lips, a deep inhale of breath. When they part, Yuuji places another sweet kiss on his forehead.

“Goodnight, Megumi,” he murmurs.

“Night, Yuuji.” He’s asleep within seconds.

...

Megumi wakes in Yuuji’s hold; his face is squished into his neck, arm thrown over his waist. His other palm rests on his heart, which beats steadily beneath it. Megumi feels safe, secure, and snuggles in closer.

“Morning,” he hears. Ah, so he’s awake.

Yuuji trails fingers down Megumi’s spine to his ass, which he lightly squeezes over his underwear. He feels him inhale into his hair and plant a kiss on his head. The gesture is so endearing that his heart swells with warmth.

“So, how do you want your eggs?”