Jeongguk misses his boyfriend.

Pardon him.

His fiancé.

Ah, he’ll never get tired of that. Until they get married and fiancé upgrades to husband, damn.

But back to the point.

Jeongguk came back from a visit to his parents' in Busan right as Seoul started to go into lockdown, so that means for the last few days, he’s been in isolation. Which sucks, but it’s a needed precaution. Taehyung had insisted against it, said he’d risk getting sick if it meant being with him, but Jeongguk is not about to risk getting the love of his life sick.

What kind of monster would he be?

So, Taehyung stays in their bedroom—on Jeongguk’s insistence—while he sleeps in the guest bedroom across the hall. He’s anxious over it. Not for himself, but for Taehyung who’s impatience is already high after a couple of days.

“I hate this,” Taehyung grumbles as he sits outside the door in the hall, breakfast on his lap.

“It’s only for two weeks, daddy,” Jeongguk reassures around a mouthful of scrambled eggs.

Taehyung scoffs at him, annoyed. “That’s so long! Just come out of there, baby. Or better yet, let me come in.”

“No, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says firmly. “I’ll be so fucking mad at you if you do.”

Taehyung scowls at him, grumbling something under his breath as he stabs a piece of bacon. “I bet you’re not even sick.”

“Let’s hope not, but I’m not gonna risk it, case closed.”

Taehyung can huff and puff all he wants about this one, but Jeongguk won’t bend.

It’s put to the test when that night after dinner, Taehyung takes Jeongguk’s used fork from dinner and holds it up to his face.

“You wouldn’t be able to stop me if I licked this, would you? Then you’d have to come out of there and be with me,” Taehyung says proudly, grin wide.

Jeongguk bursts into tears.

Taehyung’s smile drops along with the fork.

“No, daddy, n-no,” Jeongguk sobs. “Why would you do that? I-It’d make me so sad and I—“

“Okay, okay!” Taehyung gets out quickly, panicking from the door. “I won’t, I promise! It was a joke, baby, please don’t cry.”

Jeongguk sniffles. “You promise?”

“Yes!” Taehyung nods quickly, treading anxiously, cutlery clinking on the tray. “I promise, I’m sorry. I won’t do that, I swear.”

Jeongguk wipes his face on his collar. “Okay. Thank you…”

Taehyung goes to leave but slowly steps back with a smile. “You got me, didn’t you?” he coos, shaking his head. “Cried so I wouldn’t lick your fork.”

Jeongguk blinks before he chuckles. “You got me,” he tuts and Taehyung shakes his head.

“You’re so good. Cute.”

When Jeongguk hears Taehyung head down the stairs, he rolls back over and buries his face into his pillows, sobbing.

Yeah. Totally joking.

-- -- --

They entertain themselves with movies and games and whenever they’re forced to touch somehow, like Taehyung taking Jeongguk’s dishes, he makes sure Taehyung wears gloves and carries sanitizer on him at all times.

“My hands are so dry,” Taehyung complains, rubbing cocoa butter into his ashy fingers.

“Dry hands or death, Taehyung,” Jeongguk will say back and Taehyung fixes him with a hard look.

“You have no symptoms, I think you can relax a little.”

But Jeongguk shakes his head furiously. “I could still be carrying it. Now put your gloves on.”

It is hard, though. It almost feels harder than being away from home, because Taehyung is right there, but he’s out of reach. He wants so desperately to touch him, to hold his hand and god, the things he’d do just to be able to sleep next to him again.

Jeongguk’s moved the bed so it’s close to the door so they can see each other as they lay in bed at night, facing one another. Taehyung will sleep in Jeongguk’s clothes while Jeongguk has Taehyung’s pillow.

And just because they can’t get physical doesn’t mean they can’t get…  intimate.

It’s the fourth day in isolation when they decide to try it out.

For Jeongguk, it’s a lot like watching porn. Because it’s Taehyung, and he can’t do this simply.

He has to put on a show.

Jeongguk’s certainly not complaining.

Taehyung takes his time to seat himself on the fake cock, lets Jeongguk see it force his hole open and press inside him, fucking himself just on the head and giving these delicious little moans that tug straight at Jeongguk’s balls.

But watching Taehyung sit down on his pink glittery dildo reminds Jeongguk that it very much isn’t porn and that his beautiful fiancé is within touching/fucking distance. Close enough that he could give him a real cock to bounce on.

It’s impossible not to enjoy the show, though, Taehyung kneeling on the floor, ass to him, showing him just how good he is at riding.

They could use a condom. And gloves.

Jeongguk could wear a hazmat suit, just cut a hole out for his—

No.

He’s being ridiculous and thinking with his cock.

“Nngh,  Gukkie…”

Kind of hard not to, in his defense.

Jeongguk stares at Taehyung’s asshole stretched around his dildo, muscles clenched. His toes curl, restless. “Imagine it’s my cock.”

Taehyung’s naked, still damp and flushed from his shower, and Jeongguk can just imagine how good he smells. He wants to bury his nose into Taehyung’s neck from behind and fuck him into the carpet, get him screaming on his cock.

Taehyung looks back at him over his shoulder, hands braced on his spread thighs. “Can’t. Baby’s cock fills daddy up so much better…”

“Fuck,” Jeongguk hisses, fucking up into his own fist.

“Miss having you in my mouth too,” Taehyung pants, pausing his bouncing to reach up onto their bed and grab another dildo, this one a pretty glass one that looks like a wand. He taps the bulbed end over his bottom lip as he rocks down on the dildo in his ass. “Do you miss my mouth?”

Jeongguk’s jaw goes slack.

Taehyung kisses the cockhead, tongue flicking.

“Yes,” he chokes out, his other hand reaching down to squeeze at his balls. His imagination runs a little wild, picturing one of Taehyung and two of him. He could absolutely wreck him, pound his tight little ass and fuck his throat at the same time.

He whimpers at the thought.

And because he can’t keep anything from his daddy, he confesses.

“Oh?” Taehyung smirks. “You like the idea of that, do you? Daddy’s good boys.”

“Yeah, but it’s just me again,” Jeongguk’s quick to say, just to make sure. “It’s only me, no one else.”

Taehyung chuckles quietly and nods. “Only you, petal.” He shifts around, sitting side on instead.

“What y’doing?” Jeongguk slurs, fist slowing down.

Taehyung doesn’t answer, just tilts the dildo in his hand as if it were in front of his face, attached to someone, and spreads his knees as if he were straddling someone, too.

Oh fuck.

It’s like fucking art.

“Yeah,” Jeongguk groans, thumbing at the wet head of his cock as Taehyung bounces his ass and bobs his head. His eyes drop down to where Taehyung curls those perfect fingers around his own cock and—

What if there were three of him?

One to fuck Taehyung’s ass, one to get blown and one to blow Taehyung.

...and maybe a fourth one to just pet Taehyung’s hair.

...as well as a fifth and a sixth one to get jerked off by Taehyung.

Okay, calm down.

It’s not long before Jeongguk’s coming, fist tight on his dick and eyes frantically flicking all over Taehyung’s body, overwhelmed with choice. He whines, spilling over his abs as Taehyung watches, quickening on the cock under him.

He drops the dildo he’s holding and braces his hand on the floor, frantic all of a sudden. “Get up,” he orders. “Let me see.”

Jeongguk feels boneless, but he stands up on unsteady legs so Taehyung can see where he came over himself, obvious over the dark ink. He runs a finger through the pearly cum, sticky between his fingers and he shows Taehyung as much.

It does the trick and Taehyung’s head falls forward with a breathy moan, shaking through his orgasm and eyes hooded as he stares at Jeongguk’s softening cock. “Fuck…” he pants, chin tipped down.

Jeongguk goes to step forward to help him, before remembering that he can’t and frowns. “Are you alright, baby?” he asks gently.

Taehyung nods after a moment, panting and lifts off the dildo, pushing himself up to stand. He looks down at himself, eyeing his pink knees. “A man who gave me carpet burn without even fucking me,” he tsks, turning and heading to the bathroom.

When they go to bed, watching each other across the hall, Jeongguk really feels the space between them. “I miss you,” he says softly, arms tight around Taehyung’s pillow.

Taehyung has Jeongguk’s shirt hooked over his nose to smell him. He lifts his head to speak. “I miss you, too.”

Jeongguk swallows, twisting his engagement ring with his thumb.

And just like every night:

“Goodnight, daddy.”

“G’night, petal.”

-- -- --

Taehyung’s already done most of the wedding planning; got started with it right away after Jeongguk’s birthday. They’ve talked about it a lot, what they want and they’ve come to an agreement that they don’t want a big wedding, which they both already knew, but just want to keep it small. But even a small wedding requires a lot of planning, apparently.

Everything has to be perfect, to quote his fiancé.

Jeongguk’s kept his distance from it.

“I have some napkin samples here,” Taehyung says, holding up a whole selection of similarly coloured cloth. “Which one do you like?”

Jeongguk is on his third bowl of cereal of the day. “They all look the same to me.”

Taehyung blinks at him, smile tight. “You're joking, right?” He grabs the fabrics tightly. “ This  is eggshell while  this  is pearl and  this  is porcelain.”

Nodding, Jeongguk slurps his milk from his spoon. “So. White.”

Taehyung’s eye twitches.

Yeah, this is why Jeongguk hasn’t been involved.

Taehyung’s… a little unhinged about it.

“They are not white, Jeongguk. They are off-white.”

Jeongguk nods, pointing at the samples with his spoon. “I like the third one.”

Taehyung gives a sweet smile. “Frost?”

“Yeah! Frost.”

“That’s  ivory !” Taehyung hisses, standing up and gathering all of his supplies in a rage. “Why am I even discussing this with you?” he snaps as he storms off down the hall. “I suppose you think teal is just blue!”

“Isn’t it green?”

“It’s both!”

-- -- --

Since the whole outbreak, Jeongguk’s gotten a little obsessed with watching the news. Which isn’t good because it’s given him insane anxiety to the point where he doesn’t even let Taehyung see him sometimes, fearing that he’ll get him sick just from the contact in the air.

“Baby, you’re worrying yourself sick,” Taehyung tries to reason with him, voice gentle from outside the door.

“No, you’re not worrying enough! What if I’ve already gotten you sick and you don’t know?”

“Then at least we’ll be together again, right?”

Jeongguk shakes his head, opening all the windows in the room to get all of his bad air and bad ju-ju out of there. “Imagine if I was the reason the person I love the most got sick!”

“Jeongguk, you haven't got it.”

“You don’t know that!”

Something thumps softly against the door, followed by a sigh.  “It’s already been a week and you haven’t had one symptom.”

“I’m not risking it,” Jeongguk sniffs, sitting on the edge of the bed. “I love you too much.”

Taehyung drums his nails against the door.  “You silly boy.”

Jeongguk’s anxiety comes in waves. One minute he’ll be completely fine, and the next he’s ordering Taehyung to go and take a shower and disinfect his whole body. It’s gotten to the point where Taehyung’s restricting his time watching the news and even orders them both Nintendo Switch’s so the pair of them can play Animal Crossing together.

Taehyung makes pretty flower gardens while Jeongguk steadily searches mystery islands for more and more jock villagers.

His favourite villager is Scoot.

Taehyung’s is Coco.

“You should get Dom,” Taehyung says from where he’s laying on the floor in the hallway, head pillowed on a snoring Cash.

Crystal is curled up on Jeongguk’s lap. “Why?”

“You kinda look like him. Those big eyes.”

Jeongguk giggles. He goes searching for Dom.

They also play Mario Kart together, which turns out to be a terrible idea because they realise just how competitive they both are.

“I can’t believe you red shelled me,” Taehyung scoffs, arms folded over his chest, sheet mask on.

“Babe, I wasn’t about to let you  win!” Jeongguk defends, candy bar muffled between his teeth. “Come on, another round.”

“No!”

They’re both sore losers, too.

Some more than others.

“Shut up,” Taehyung snaps.

So they stay clear of Mario Kart and stick to safe games only.

“You only knew that because I told you the answer!”

...and trivial pursuit is not one of them.

-- -- --

“I’m actually jealous of that pillow,” Jeongguk admits one night after they’ve gotten off again. “Doesn’t realise how lucky it is.”

Taehyung laughs quietly, wiping his hand clean on a baby wipe. He humped his pillow for Jeongguk tonight, only wearing Jeongguk’s basketball jersey. It was so fucking hot and he really loves Taehyung for how much work he puts into these little performances for him.

Jeongguk doesn’t really know how to put on a show for him back. He's too shy to get very verbal without Taehyung on top of him. The contact makes him confident.

But Taehyung likes listening to him get off, likes to hear the moment Jeongguk cums. He’ll also guide Jeongguk through jerking off, telling him how quick or slow to go, to play with his prostate, his balls, his nipples, it’s… wow.

Just wow.

But the pair of them are definitely getting frustrated.

Jeongguk loves when they take care of each other after sex. Misses the fucking cuddles, man.

He just wants to fuck Taehyung to an inch of his life and then curl up on his chest. Is that really too much to ask for?

It’s gotten to the point where he’s put one of Taehyung’s shirts on Taehyung’s pillows and made legs out of bed runners so he can have his own personal Taehyung.

“Are you famous enough to have a body pillow?” Jeongguk asked one day before shaking his head, nose twisted in disgust. “Never mind. I don’t want to know.”

Even the idea of people cuddling pillow Taehyung is a little too much for Jeongguk to handle right now.

“You hungry?” Taehyung asks, wearing Jeongguk’s boxer shorts.

He could potentially get hard again.

“I could eat,” Jeongguk agrees, watching Taehyung go. He’s starting to get a little stir crazy in this bedroom. Since he’s been confined, he’s tried to make it homier. Taehyung’s given him some of their pillows and comforter, but it’s still just a room with a bathroom.

Jeongguk misses being outdoors.

He feels bad for Taehyung. He has the whole house, but yet he doesn’t go much further than their bedroom and the kitchen. He even walks the dogs while Jeongguk’s asleep, so he won’t be alone when he wakes up.

He loves him so much for it, it breaks his heart.

The hardest thing, though, if it weren’t obvious, is being without Taehyung.

They didn’t even get to hug each other when Jeongguk got home from Busan, it was just straight to the guest room for him. And now he’s in a giant conflict with himself. He wants nothing more than to wrap Taehyung up in his arms and never let him go. But he also wants to keep two meters away from him at all times to keep him safe.

His brain and his heart are battling it out.

-- -- --

When they finally reach the two-week marker, Taehyung is beyond excited, bouncing up and down outside the door. Unfortunately, Jeongguk fell asleep watching the news last night, and he had trouble sleeping thanks to his friend Anxiety.

“Come to daddy,” Taehyung orders, arms open.

“No! No, stay back,” Jeongguk orders, rolling off the bed to put more distance between him and Taehyung.

Taehyung’s mouth drops open. “But it’s been two weeks!”

“Yeah, only two weeks exactly, I think we should leave it a few more days just to be safe.”

Taehyung’s arms drop to his sides, whining. “Come on, sweetheart, you’re fine.”

“I’m not risking it yet!”

In the rational part of Jeongguk’s mind, he knows he’s probably being fucking ridiculous and that there’s a high chance that he’s completely fine. Like a good 99.9% chance.

But that 00.1% has big lungs on them and they like to fill Jeongguk’s head up with panic.

“Are you seriously gonna stay in there?”

Jeongguk nods. “Yes.”

Taehyung tongues at his top lip, obviously annoyed but he sighs, nodding. “Fine,” he says, crossing his arms over his chest. “If it makes you feel better, I can wait for a few more days.”

“Maybe a week.”

“What?”

“Probably two.”

“Okay, no.” Taehyung shakes his head and turns around, heading back into their bedroom, hand waving in dismissal over his shoulder. “Now you’re playing too much.”

But things go on as normal - or the new normal, he should say. They still sit at the door and eat together, watch movies and play games.

Until the 17th day of Jeongguk in isolation.

Taehyung stands at the door. “You still not coming out?”

Jeongguk is throwing his basketball up in the air, laid out on the bed. “Nope.”

“Alright.” Taehyung pads away and that’s that.

Until.

An hour later, Jeongguk sits up, sniffing the air. It smells good and his stomach growls. He sets the ball down and steps over to the door to get a better sniff. “What you cooking?” he calls.

“Your favourite!”

Jeongguk’s eyes widen. “Budae jjigae?”

"Uh huh!”

Excitement bubbles up inside Jeongguk, rubbing his hands together. “Is it almost done?”

“Just about~”

Jeongguk sits down in his usual spot, waiting patiently, but after another ten minutes, he crawls towards the door again, peeking down the hall. “Daddy?”

“Yeah?”

“I thought you said dinner was almost ready?”

“It is.”

Jeongguk nods, leaning back. He frowns, leaning forward. “When are you bringing it up?”

“I’m not.”

Jeongguk blinks. “What.”

“I said I’m not. You can come down and have some if you really want it.”

Jeongguk leans back, tonguing the inside of his cheek. Oh, so this is what he’s resorting to. Trying to lure Jeongguk out with food. He scoffs. “You must think I’m really weak if I’m gonna risk you for some food!”

“Mm mm mmm!”  Taehyung hums, loudly slurping up some noodles.  “I made it so cheesy. Maybe even a little spicy.”

Jeongguk’s stomach gurgles. “Good! I’m glad! I hope it’s  so  good for you!” He scowls, unimpressed.

“Even put in extra spam!”

Oh, now that’s a low blow. Taehyung knows that the spam is Jeongguk’s favourite part.

“I hope it burns your asshole off later!” Jeongguk gets up, slamming the door shut and opens the windows, getting the delicious smell out of the room.

Taehyung must think he’s so fickle to cave over food.

No, sir.

He absolutely isn’t.

Jeongguk goes to bed in a huff, back to the door and belly hopelessly empty.

He’s woken up a few hours later by a knock, momentarily thinking he imagined it before he gets a whiff of something again. Jeongguk rubs his eye as he climbs out of bed and opens the door, but Taehyung isn’t there. He’s about to close it again, thinking he did dream it, but spots a big bowl of budae jjigae on the floor and smiles to himself.

The bowl is cool when he picks it up, but the food is steaming like it’s been heated up properly and not in the microwave. He looks across the hall at their bedroom and hears the shower turn on.

Jeongguk adores Taehyung.

-- -- --

Taehyung’s attempts don’t stop there.

One morning, he wakes up to the sound of the dogs barking and rubber against the tarmac. Jeongguk looks out the window to see Taehyung bouncing the ball around in the basketball court. He huffs a laugh under his breath and opens the window. “What you doing?”

Taehyung looks up at him, squinting against the sun. “Oh. Just thought I’d play a little. Maybe we could play a little 1-on-1?”

Jeongguk folds his arms over the windowsill, amused. “Can you even make a basket from there, baby?”

“Sure I can.” Taehyung bounces the ball a couple of times before he throws it, barely just brushing the hoop. “Well. Apparently not,” he says more to himself and Jeongguk giggles under his breath. “Why don’t you come and show me?”

Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. “Oh, now you’re interested? Because you’re not when I usually offer.”

“Yeah, well.” Taehyung goes and gets the ball, but Cash beats him to it, attempting to bite the ball in his big jaws, knocking Taehyung out of the way with his body. “No, mine!”

“Maybe Cash can teach you,” Jeongguk teases, grinning when Taehyung glares up at him.

Taehyung sags, hands slapping against his thighs. “At least come down and get some air! I’m worried about you. You haven’t seen sunlight in over two weeks now, Jeongguk.”

“Thought you’d be happy about that. No skin damage.”

Taehyung pinches his nose. “That's. No, don't play that card. Just come down here.”

Jeongguk shakes his head, standing straight. “Not yet.” Whatever Taehyung’s next complaint is, it’s drowned out as he shuts the window. But he gets a lot of angry hand gestures and foot-stomping.

Taehyung is persitent, Jeongguk will give him that.

He’ll put on Jeongguk’s favourite TV shows and movies, blasting them loud behind closed doors so he can hear them just enough to know what they are. Jeongguk even hears him try and play his PlayStation, though even all the way from upstairs, he's amused. He can hear how annoyed Taehyung gets when the game doesn’t do what he wants it to, snapping at the characters.

And despite how much Taehyung tries to lure Jeongguk out of the bedroom, he never once comes in. He doesn’t call Jeongguk dumb for being paranoid and doesn’t force his way into his space.

It only makes him love him more.

After another failed attempt of trying to lure Jeongguk out with food, Taehyung sighs, leaving the plate of freshly baked cookies by the door.

“Alright, I officially give up,” Taehyung announces, hands on his hips. “It’s probably best you do stay in there, anyway. For my safety.”

Jeongguk nods, waiting until Taehyung’s far enough back before he grabs the cookies. “I’m glad you’re seeing it that way too, hyung.”

“I sure do,” Taehyung nods. “Three weeks tomorrow. You must be feeling proud of yourself.”

Jeongguk bites into a warm cookie. “I am."

Taehyung smiles back. “Alright. Well, I’m gonna get ready for bed, baby. Enjoy your cookies.”

“I will! Thank you, daddy.” Jeongguk turns back to the episode of  Hell’s Kitchen  he was watching, on a very important part where Gordon yells at a chef.

Completely shocking and out of left field.

Jeongguk’s coming up to the last of his cookies when he sees movement from the corner of his eye, glancing over to watch Taehyung sit down on the bed before his gaze turns back to the burst scallops on screen.

His head snaps back at neck-breaking speed.

Because there Taehyung is, rubbing lotion into his arms, wearing this pink lace-up lingerie top, sheer to the point he can see his beautiful skin beneath. Underneath he can see he has on matching pink shorts that look soft and comfy, riding high up those endless thighs.

Watching Taehyung rub lotion onto himself has always been a weird turn on for Jeongguk. It gets him off that Taehyung takes such good care of himself, and there’s something so sexy about watching him rub sweet-smelling creams into his soft skin.

When he props his leg up and rubs the lotion into his thighs, Jeongguk feels his pulse in his cock.

Taehyung stands and climbs up properly onto the bed, pushing all the pillows off before laying over the covers, picking up a book. He looks so fucking beautiful, skin shiny under the pink fairy lights and he wants to swallow him whole.

“What you reading?” Jeongguk asks, setting his cookies down, no longer interested.

“Just this book about business,” Taehyung answers casually as if he’s not served up on a silver platter. He starts doing that thing where he sways his knee and it makes his thigh wobble.

Jeongguk loves that.

“Huh. Any good?”

“Yep.”

Jeongguk purses his lips together, waiting for more attention, but it doesn’t come. He half expects Taehyung to roll over and show him his ass, but that doesn’t come either.

And apparently neither is Jeongguk tonight.

Maybe this is another test of his will.

Scoffing, Jeongguk shakes his head at himself.  Of course it is. Taehyung’s trying to make him cave.

That's not happening.

He lays down on the bed and keeps watching TV.

Although after five minutes, he has no idea what’s happened and his eyes drift back to Taehyung.

No. Be strong.

Jeongguk rolls onto his belly, better if he can’t look at all. But then even the sound of the pages turning is like a siren and he has to look up to see.

Closing the door, yes. That’s smart. So he does that next. Closes the door, gets under the covers and squeezes his eyes shut.

Nothing but black splotches behind his eyelids, perfect. Little pops of colour. Red, blue, yellow, orange, pink…

Pink, pink, pink.

Taehyung in pink.

Taehyung’s little pink shirt.

Taehyung’s little pink asshole—

Jeongguk’s out of the bed, yanking the door open and stepping out of the bedroom for the first time in weeks. He crosses the hall and walks right into their bedroom. “Y’know—“

Taehyung looks up from his book, eyebrows raising. “Oh, you’re out of your room.”

Jeongguk’s mouth closes, frowning. “That’s not my room. This is my room,  our  room.”

Humming, Taehyung closes his book. “Would you mind stepping back a little? You’re too close.”

Jeongguk blinks but obeys. “Actually, about that.”

“Oh?” Taehyung leans back on his elbows, the part of his little shirt opening more, showing off the red gem in his belly bar.

Jeongguk’s mouth feels so dry all of a sudden. He licks his lips, eyes trailing down Taehyung’s glorious body. “Yeah, I… I think it’s safe to say I’m okay now,” he nods. “I can stop self-isolating.”

Taehyung hums, lips pursed. “No, I think we should give it a few more days,” he says, nodding slowly.

Jeongguk can see it clear as day in Taehyung’s eyes, like a flashing neon sign.

DENIED.

“R-Really?” Jeongguk gives a pained laugh, rubbing the back of his neck. “You don’t think tonight’s a good night to—”

“No.”

“Gotcha.” Jeongguk quickly turns and leaves, knows that tone in Taehyung’s voice and it’s finality.

So Jeongguk sits on the edge of the guest bed —it’s not his bed, it’s not—and just ogles his fiancé like the pervert he is, watches him as he stretches out, rolls around before eventually flicking off the bedside lamp.

“Goodnight, petal.”

Jeongguk’s cock aches. “Goodnight, daddy.”

He eats the rest of his cookies angrily.

-- -- --

How the tables have turned.

Going from trapping himself in the guest room, he’s now being trapped.

Their routine continues. Eat together, watch TV, so on and so forth. Except now they don’t get off.

And Taehyung’s dressed up all. The fucking. Time.

It’s quickly driving Jeongguk insane. He’ll change his outfit three or four times a day, each outfit more revealing than the last. He curses that Taehyung has so many clothes all of a sudden, how many outfits he has that show off so much skin.

It’s pure fucking torture.

The nights are always the worst, though. That’s when Taehyung likes to really crank it up a notch. He’ll wear these pretty lingerie sets, Jeongguk’s shirt and slutty little panties underneath, just peeking out when he moves juuuust so.

On the 20th day, Jeongguk snaps.

Taehyung brings him another plate of warm cookies and a glass of milk before he disappears into his room to get into his outfit of choice for the evening, so Jeongguk snacks on a cookie and watches the door. Waiting.

When Jeongguk sees it, he almost passes out by how quickly all the blood shoots to his cock.

Taehyung steps over to the bed in this white babydoll made from this shiny fabric that reflects gold in the dim light. It’s tight around his little waist and flares out over his strong hips and thighs. He’s also got on matching white stockings, pulled up high on his thighs, making them look so utterly delicious.

Not that Taehyung needs any help with that.

It’s the worst (best) one for Jeongguk yet.

Under the babydoll, Jeongguk can see Taehyung's wearing a pretty white thong pulled high up onto his hips, sticking to the curves of his body. It looks like the soft cotton ones that Jeongguk likes to rub his face into when he sniffs at Taehyung’s panties, before he pushes them to the side to get his mouth on him.

He doesn’t think it can get any worse, but of course…

It’s Taehyung, so.

It can.

Taehyung does the unspeakable and turns around, bending over the bed slightly to start pulling the pillows off, showing just how high the dress rests on his fat fucking ass.

Jeongguk partially chokes swallowing a dry mouthful of cookie when Taehyung shakes the sheets out, making that ass jiggle.

He needs to stop eating these as he watches Taehyung. They're a real choking hazard.

“You okay, baby?” Taehyung asks, looking over his shoulder. He’s putting on the performance of his lifetime, it seems.

Jeongguk’s eyes lift from Taehyung’s ass to his face, cookie still raised halfway to his mouth. He drops it down to the plate and looks away, nodding. “Y-Yeah." He clears the frog from his throat. "Yeah, everything’s cool. Just. Went down the wrong hole,” he assures, grabbing his glass of milk.

He risks another look up and Taehyung’s thankfully no longer watching. He's bent over, back and legs straight as he fixes his stocking, pulling out any wrinkles and tugging it higher up his big, beautiful thigh.

So clear and unblemished.

No teeth marks and bruises.

Tragic.

Taehyung’s pulling out all the stops tonight. He knows his game. Dressing up all pretty and soft looking. That mix between innocent and sexy that Jeongguk goes fucking crazy for.

It’s his favourite.

Taehyung  knows  how Jeongguk feels about him wearing white.

His cock is half hard in his boxers already.

Once the bed is fixed how Taehyung likes it, he climbs up onto it, laying across it horizontally on his belly so Jeongguk has the perfect view up his dress.

Jeongguk could very easily close the door. He absolutely could. He could close the door and then jerk off, he’d be fine.

But that never seems to work, so he doesn’t bother trying to hide that he’s staring tonight.

Taehyung is flipping through a magazine, humming softly to himself and bends his legs back, feet slowly kicking through the air. He spreads his thighs open slowly, little by little so Jeongguk can see how his panties are pulled tight between his asscheeks, right up against his asshole. He dips his back in and sticks his ass out, showing more of his gorgeous—

Jeongguk’s up on his feet before he can finish the thought and in their bedroom a second later.

Taehyung doesn’t look up from his magazine.

Not even thinking twice about it, Jeongguk reaches out and gently brushes his fingers over the seam of one of Taehyung’s stockings, soft against his skin.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Taehyung asks, still not looking at him.

“I can’t take it anymore, daddy,” Jeongguk whines, a truly broken man. When his hand reaches Taehyung’s skin above the stocking, he whimpers, breath shaking. He kneads at the supple skin desperately. “I need you so bad.”

“You’re not meant to touch me, remember?” Taehyung sighs, twirling a strand of his pretty, pretty hair. “Plus, I’m busy.”

Jeongguk whimpers, hips rutting into nothing. He drops down onto his elbows between Taehyung’s legs, pained. “Busy doing what?”

Taehyung doesn’t answer.

“Daddy,” Jeongguk pleads, rubbing his nose up Taehyung’s thigh, all the way up to the heat between his legs, crawling up the bed.

“Hm?”

Fuck, Taehyung’s not giving him attention and while on a normal day that would absolutely devastate Jeongguk, right now it’s only serving to turn him on even more.

He’s so desperate, he can’t stop himself from pushing his head under Taehyung’s babydoll, nose up against his panties and sniffs at the bulk of his cock.

Taehyung doesn’t stop him, doesn’t fucking acknowledge him and Jeongguk could cum right then and there.

He licks over Taehyung’s thong and doesn’t miss the way Taehyung’s thighs tense around his head. Jeongguk is completely shameless as he laps over the soft cotton like some dog, soaking it in his spit and licks all the way up to Taehyung’s hole, where the fabric is indeed pressed tight against it.

Jeongguk tongues at the material greedily, pressing it into Taehyung with the tip and feels Taehyung’s hole clench gently.

But still, he ignores Jeongguk.

“Fuck, you’re so pretty,” Jeongguk cries, teary from it as he lifts his head from under Taehyung’s dress and straddles his thighs instead. His cock is so hard at this point that it hurts, tenting at his boxers. He leans over Taehyung, pushing his nose into the side of his neck and almost sobs at the smell of lilacs. “Smell so good…” He can’t stop himself as he humps Taehyung’s ass, cock tucking between his asscheeks, rutting against him frantically. “Tae...”

Taehyung flips the page.

It's all just too much. Taehyung's slowly been working Jeongguk up over the last few days, and that mixed in with how much he misses Taehyung already is creating a cocktail of pure desperation.

He misses him so much that holding him won't do. He wants to be inside him.

“Uh uh uh…” Jeongguk whimpers out into Taehyung’s neck as he humps him, making the bed squeak under them and jogging Taehyung beneath his body. He can hear Taehyung’s breath shaking. It’s subtle, but he doesn’t miss the little hitches. “Gonna fuck you, daddy. Need to so bad, need to be inside you.”

Jeongguk's cock catches on his boxers as he tugs them down and once it's free, he reaches over to grab a bottle of lube from the bedside table, quickly squeezing some onto his pulsing cock, flushed an angry red. He doesn’t even bother warming it up, far too fucking desperate.

“Taehyung, can I?” Jeongguk pants, thumb hooking into Taehyung’s thong and pulling it up roughly against his hole, making him jolt. “Can I fuck you?”

Taehyung just shrugs, but he spreads his thighs open more, pushing his ass up for Jeongguk and Jeongguk pushes his panties to the side and marvels at his little pink hole. When he has more patience, he’s gonna eat Taehyung out until he cries, but for right now, he needs to get his cock in him.

Taehyung turns the page of his magazine and Jeongguk smears lube against his asshole. Wet and glossy, Jeongguk slowly presses his cockhead in and it slips in nice and easy, making him gasp.

“Fuck,” he groans, biting his lip roughly. Jeongguk remembers how Taehyung looked just fucking himself on the head of his dildo, so he does that, pulling it out only to pop it back in.

He hears a tiny whine.

Encouraged, Jeongguk keeps at it until Taehyung suddenly squeezes around him, sucking his cock in and forcing him deeper inside.

“Shit!” Jeongguk hisses, hips snapping forward and effectively knocking a moan out of Taehyung. “You like that?”

Taehyung says nothing, but his hand lays flat on the magazine.

Jeongguk twists Taehyung’s thong around his hand and tugs, forcing Taehyung’s hips up higher, pulling another little noise from him. His other hand lets go of his cock and grabs at Taehyung’s ass, thumb spreading his asshole open and watching as he sinks back in again.

Taehyung’s breath shakes and his insides pulse around Jeongguk’s cock. It’s as if he’s trying to be quiet, trying to pretend that he’s not affected by the cock splitting him open.

Still pretending to ignore Jeongguk?

It’s proven when Taehyung sighs, albeit shakily and flips the page again. “Ooh, cute shoes,” he whispers, but his voice is weak.

Taehyung can be so mean.

Jeongguk loves it so much.

He lets go of Taehyung’s thong, hooking it to the side to stay over his asscheek and wraps his hands around Taehyung’s hips. Jeongguk always loves the way his inked fingers look along Taehyung’s bare skin, so pure and blank, just the shimmer of his body lotion.

So clear…

Jeongguk roughly smacks Taehyung’s ass.

Taehyung gasps, clenching around his cock so suddenly that Jeongguk’s hips snap forward out of reflex, a chain reaction. He watches with hooded eyes as his handprint blooms of Taehyung’s ass, able to see the outline of his fingers. His gaze flicks up to the back of Taehyung’s head, curious to see what reaction he’ll get, if he’ll get scolded for that spank.

But Taehyung just takes a minute before he goes back to reading.

Now taking it as a challenge, Jeongguk grunts and pushes down on the small of Taehyung’s back, forcing his body down onto the bed and uses his legs straddling Taehyung to squeeze his legs together between his own, tightening him around his cock. Pinning him down, Jeongguk fucks hard, hips slapping against Taehyung’s soft ass with force.

“Oh,  Taehyung,” Jeongguk exhales, brows pinched. “Feel s-so... good on my cock. Missed you so much, fuck.”

Taehyung muffles a moan, hand crumbling the page he’s on, tearing it at the top. But Jeongguk wants to hear him now, desperate for his voice, wants to know he’s making him feel good, taking care of him.

Jeongguk leans down over Taehyung, swallowing him up with his body and presses his chest to his back. His arms slide under Taehyung’s, hooking them together, wanting Taehyung attached to him. He wishes he could fuse him to his skin, cement himself onto Taehyung forever. “Daddy, do you like it?” he pants into Taehyung’s neck, his nose catching on Taehyung’s chain. “Do you like it, daddy?” He eases and gives a slow roll of his hips, grinding deep into Taehyung’s hole, balls rubbing against him.

Taehyung inhales sharply like he was holding his breath. “Yes. Yes, yes, I love it,” he finally cracks, shoving the magazine off the bed and grabbing at Jeongguk’s wrists tight. “Missed you so much.”

Jeongguk huffs sharply, keeping his body down on Taehyung’s and only moves his hips, skin slapping together loudly in their quiet room. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Don’t be mad at me anymore, okay? I’m sorry—”

“Shh, shh…” Taehyung gets cut off with a sob, head dropping forward to bury in the sheets and Jeongguk knows his prostate must be getting sensitive. “I love you, it’s… it’s okay,” he struggles to get out. “Show daddy how much you missed him, fuck me nice and hard.”

Jeongguk’s already fast approaching his orgasm, heavy balls getting tight. “Tae,” he pants, lifting his head from Taehyung’s neck, just as Taehyung lifts his own head to look at him. Taehyung looks so fucked out, eyes heavy and jaw slack. “Fuck, so pretty.”

Taehyung tips his head up and tries to kiss him, but with how Jeongguk’s fucking into him, it makes it hard. Taehyung licks at his tongue, bites at his lip and says— “Fill me up with your cum.”

Jeongguk hardly lets Taehyung finish the sentence before he’s bursting, cock pulsing violently. He groans, his cock burying deep to spread Taehyung’s insides wide open and paint them with cum.

“Need—” Taehyung wiggles under him with a moan, spearing himself open more as he pushes back and Jeongguk realises what he needs.

“I got you,” Jeongguk assures, balls still emptying as he gets his hand under Taehyung and unhooks his cock from his panties to finish him off.

Taehyung groans. “Fuck your cum into me,” he orders and Jeongguk obliges despite how quickly he can feel himself getting sensitive. He doesn’t stop the motion of his hips, matching it with his fist and Taehyung digs his nails into Jeongguk’s wrist and cums with an adorable shout, hips twitching back against Jeongguk’s dick.

Jeongguk works him through it, strokes his wet cock until he feels it start to soften in his grip, Taehyung twinging. He lets him go and presses his damp hand over Taehyung’s belly, gently easing him back down to the bed. “I got you,” he repeats, kissing Taehyung’s hot cheek. With a gentleness, Jeongguk eases out of Taehyung and rolls down onto his side beside him, pressing a kiss to his arm. “You okay?”

Taehyung hums, eyes opening to stare at Jeongguk. He smiles and lifts his hand to cup Jeongguk’s cheek, stroking under his eye. After a moment, he pushes himself up and shuffles closer to Jeongguk, half laying on top of him and leans down to give him a proper kiss. “Welcome home, angel.”

Jeongguk immediately starts bawling.

-- -- --

It’s officially been a month and a half now since lockdown started and Jeongguk has to admit, he’s actually doing better than Taehyung.

Taehyung seems to be going a little stir crazy, constantly pacing around, looking for things to do, roping Jeongguk into this and that. Since Jeongguk’s been out of isolation, Taehyung’s constantly trying to fill every minute of every hour with something to do. He's even spending time he should be sleeping doing pointless things. They’ve already organised the closet once and Jeongguk prays he never has to do it again. He knew Taehyung had a lot of stuff, but he doesn’t think he really knew just how much stuff he actually had.

Too much, he might say.

Privately.

To himself.

Where Taehyung can’t hear him.

Right now, Taehyung’s going through his essential makeup. The bag he doesn’t leave the house without. Crystal and Cash are hiding somewhere, blatantly avoiding Taehyung since every time they see each other, Taehyung’s taking them back out for a walk.

Somehow he’s managed to overwalk the dogs, incredibly.

Jeongguk doesn’t think Taehyung’s ever been in the same place for this long before. Traveling or working or just shopping, Taehyung’s not used to not going out.

“Think you’ve got cabin fever, daddy,” Jeongguk speaks up, eyes back on his Switch. He’s been absolutely fine since he was released from the guest bedroom. He’s an introvert by nature, absolutely fine to just stay at home and just relax.

Plus he’s stuck with his favourite person.

It’s like a vacation for him.

“This place feels as small as a cabin,” Taehyung grumbles and Jeongguk rolls his eyes.

“You’re doing that thing again.”

“What thing.”

“That thing where you’re being a complete drama queen.”

Taehyung throws a lip gloss at him. “I’m not! I just know I’m going crazy, Jeongguk!”

Jeongguk’s eyes widen sarcastically as he digs up a fossil. “Whoa, sorry. Totally not a drama queen at all, can’t believe I even said that.”

He can feel Taehyung’s eyes boring into his cheek, and he pointedly ignores it.

“Hey, why don’t we do some more planning for the wedding?” Taehyung speaks up about ten minutes later.

“You’ve already planned it all, daddy,” Jeongguk reminds around a yawn.

Taehyung gets to his feet, makeup be damned. “There’s still stuff! Like. Cutlery and…”

Jeongguk waits.

Taehyung says nothing.

Jeongguk looks up at Taehyung. “And?”

Taehyung picks at his nail. “...back up cutlery.”

“I think you need to take a break,” Jeongguk sighs, setting his Switch down.

“A break from what? Lockdown?” Taehyung has his crazy eyes on, hair frazzled and lips a little bitten. He’s never seen him like this before, and he can’t decide if he’s enjoying it or not.

For one thing, it’s nice to see Taehyung being the anxious one for once, rather than Jeongguk. But then again, he doesn’t want Taehyung to feel anxious in the first place. It’s a weird toss-up.

Taehyung clearly has a lot of pent up tension, and Jeongguk knows just the thing to help him.

Sitting up, Jeongguk folds his hands together. “Come here,” he orders softly.

Taehyung’s frown deepens, gaze dropping to the table. “No, I’m organising my makeup and—”

“Taehyung,” Jeongguk says a little louder. “Come here.”

Taehyung looks up at him, staring for a long moment before he steps around the table and stops in front of Jeongguk. “What.”

Reaching out, Jeongguk hooks his fingers under Taehyung’s palm and drags it to his face, pressing a soft kiss to each of his knuckles, all fourteen of them. Taehyung doesn’t say anything, but Jeongguk can hear his breathing even out a little, palm turning easily as Jeongguk flips it to kiss his lifelines. With one last kiss to Taehyung’s pulse, Jeongguk stands up and slips their fingers together and leads Taehyung to the stairs.

“Where are we going?” Taehyung asks, his voice a little softer, but Jeongguk doesn’t answer.

So many times, Taehyung has helped Jeongguk unwind. Whether it be from school, basketball or just the daily stresses of life and Jeongguk wants to return the favour now that he’s finally being presented with a very, very rare opportunity.

Jeongguk takes Taehyung to their room and lets go of his hand to face him. Taehyung’s staring at him, wrinkles between his beautiful eyebrows to show how hard he’s been frowning lately. There’s dark circles under his eyes, blemishes on his cheeks and Jeongguk thinks he’s so, so beautiful.

Everything is quiet as Jeongguk slowly undresses Taehyung, guiding his arms up so he can take off his shirt. Taehyung doesn’t take his eyes off of him as Jeongguk lowers himself down to help Taehyung out of his leggings, peeling them off carefully and running his hands up Taehyung’s soft thighs once they’re off.

Long fingers stroke through Jeongguk’s hair and Jeongguk presses a soft kiss to Taehyung’s knee, indented and red from where he was kneeling on the carpet for so long.

“Wait here, okay?” Jeongguk tells him softly once he’s up on his feet again, easing Taehyung to sit down on the bed.

Jeongguk can feel Taehyung’s eyes on his back as he walks into their bathroom and plugs the tub, running the water and filling it with Taehyung’s favourite things. Taehyung doesn’t like his baths too hot, his pretty skin flaring red immediately.

He lights some candles and dims the lights low, wanting everything to be soft and soothing for Taehyung. It feels nice to be on the other side of this. Jeongguk is so used to being on the receiving end of Taehyung’s concern and nurture, and he wants Taehyung to feel as safe and protected as he always makes Jeongguk feel.

When the tub is full, Jeongguk goes and retrieves his daddy, who’s still sat on the bed, but now he has the iPad in his lap. Jeongguk takes it from him and puts it right back in the drawer.

“Baby, it’s about work—” Taehyung tries, tugging on the back of Jeongguk’s shirt. “It’s important.”

“No,” Jeongguk says simply. He cups Taehyung’s face in his hands, tilting his head up to him. “Stop it, Taehyung. Work can wait, alright?” He brushes his thumbs under Taehyung’s eyes, skin a little dry. “Just focus on this for right now. Just for a little while.”

Taehyung swallows, face twisting for a moment before he nods.

Jeongguk knows it’s hard for Taehyung to be disconnected from the outside world. Growing up in the spotlight definitely has long term side effects, and he knows this won’t change things, but this is a start.

They can work on the rest through time and patience.

“Come on. Your bath is ready.” Jeongguk takes Taehyung’s hand again and guides him up and into the bathroom. “Get in, daddy.” He helps Taehyung in, holding his hand to keep him steady as he climbs in and sinks down into the tub.

“Are you not getting in?”

Jeongguk shakes his head, sitting on the edge of the tub. “Not today.” He grabs the sponge and soaks it into the water. “Feel nice?” he asks softly.

Taehyung fidgets, eyes still alert, but his shoulders relaxing. “Yeah,” he sighs like it pains him to admit it. “The water is perfect.”

Jeongguk smiles, lifting the sponge and squeezing it over Taehyung’s pretty chest, wet skin catching the reflection of the light. “Close your eyes.”

Taehyung wiggles a little but obeys. His long eyelashes cast dark shadows over his cheekbones and Jeongguk wishes he could take a photo. Slowly, very  slowly,  he can see the tension starting to ease on Taehyung’s calm face as Jeongguk washes him, adding soap to the sponge to gently buff at his skin.

“You’re so beautiful, daddy,” Jeongguk can’t help but break the silence to say.

Even in the limited lighting, Jeongguk can see the blood that rushes to Taehyung’s cheeks, adding to the flush from the hot water. “Stop that,” he whispers softly, fond.

“I won’t.” Jeongguk’s other hand lifts to stroke across Taehyung’s hair, frizzy from how much he’s been pulling and running his fingers through it. “You’ll never know just how beautiful you are.”

Taehyung’s eyes flicker up slowly, head turning a little to look at Jeongguk, eyes softer. He tips into Jeongguk’s hand as it runs down to his cheek. “I’m sorry,” he says gently.

“For what?”

“For being like this.”

Jeongguk frowns, shaking his head a little. “You don’t need to apologise for who you are, Taehyung. I know who you are, and I know why you’re anxious.”

Taehyung leans more heavily into Jeongguk’s hand, burying his lips into his palm. “Am I being ridiculous?” he muffles.

He can’t help but smile. “A little,” he answers, running his thumb down the bridge of Taehyung’s perfect nose. “But that’s okay. I know what I’m marrying into.”

Taehyung huffs a quiet laugh, staring at Jeongguk through his lashes. “And you still love me for it?”

“Love you a little more for it, actually,” Jeongguk says. “It’s a reminder to me that you’re human, too.”

“Funny,” Taehyung sighs, flicking water up at Jeongguk’s shirt a few times until the material starts to stick to his chest, transparent. “I sometimes have a hard time remembering you’re human too and not some Greek God. Take your shirt off.”

Jeongguk chuckles, letting the sponge float in the water and reaches back to pull his shirt over his head, dropping it onto the floor. “Better?”

Taehyung hums, clearly appeased.

“Good. Now stay still so I can finish washing you.”

As he does, Taehyung hooks his arm over the tub and runs his fingers over Jeongguk’s happy trail, playing with the hair disappearing down into Jeongguk’s sweatpants, long nails scratching gently. When he gets bored of that, he traces Jeongguk’s tattoos instead, fingers dipping under the waistband to touch the ink that leads to the base of Jeongguk’s cock. Taehyung often plays with him for no other reason than because he can and Jeongguk is happy to indulge him.

He only pulls away so he can lift up Taehyung’s beautiful legs one at a time and wash them. It feels like he’s some worshipper bathing a beautiful deity, and really, isn’t that the case?

Even Taehyung’s fucking  feet  are perfect, a pretty little ring on his middle toe.

“Get naked,” Taehyung demands and Jeongguk shakes his head. “Why not.”

“Cause we’re all done now.” The bubbles are starting to get thin and the water is cooling. He doesn’t want Taehyung to be uncomfortable. He rinses out the sponge and grabs a towel. “Out you get, hyung.”

Taehyung stands and climbs out of the water and into Jeongguk’s awaiting arms, watching him as Jeongguk pats him dry. “Hm.”

“What is it?”

“Just thinking.”

“And what are you thinking about?”

Taehyung smiles. “The usual."

Jeongguk holds back a smile. "Go on."

"Asking myself how I got so lucky to land you. Wondering what I did in a past life that’s rewarded me so heavily.”

It’s Jeongguk’s turn to blush, busying himself with patting Taehyung’s ass dry. “Waxing poetry at me, are you?”

“I could try if you’d like,” Taehyung offers but Jeongguk shakes his head quickly, ears on fire.

“I’d like  not  to cry today, if you don’t mind.”

Taehyung giggles, soft and pretty, wrapping a damp arm around Jeongguk’s shoulders, making his heart jump. After a few seconds, Jeongguk’s still kneading at Taehyung’s ass with the towel. “Lingering a bit, aren’t you, petal?”

He absolutely is.

“Just wanna be thorough, that’s all,” Jeongguk defends, running the towel gently between Taehyung’s legs and smiles at the way Taehyung’s breath hitches just a little.

Taehyung kisses the shell of his ear, lips damp and full. “Need a hand?”

“No. No, I’ve got this,” Jeongguk is quick to decline, because this is all about Taehyung today. He wants to do everything for him, wants to take care of him in every way possible.

Pulling back, Jeongguk wraps the towel around Taehyung, pulling it under his arms and knotting it at his chest and pressing a kiss to his shoulder. Satisfied, he smiles at Taehyung and gets a beautiful little smile back. The ones made just for Jeongguk.

Followed by a hand between his legs.

Jeongguk chokes on a breath, big hand squeezing at his cock through his sweats, fingers curling under his balls.

“Gimme,” Taehyung demands cutely, other hand going to push Jeongguk’s sweats down, but Jeongguk quickly bats his hand away.

He pulls back with a laugh, putting space between him and Taehyung. “Don’t be naughty.”

Taehyung smiles. “Sorry,” he says, not sounding sorry at all.

“Let me clean up in here and how about you go and get into something comfortable and wait for me on the bed so I can give you a massage. Okay?”

Taehyung obeys, taking a little kiss from Jeongguk before he leaves.

“And no touching the iPad,” Jeongguk calls after him.

Taehyung grunts but nods, disappearing around the corner.

Cute.

Jeongguk drains and rinses the tub, blowing out the candles as he goes before he rummages through to find a good oil for Taehyung. He’s been a great test subject for Jeongguk to practice techniques on for school. He thought he’d have to be a bit more careful with Taehyung since he hasn’t got the body of an athlete, but he’s found in some cases that Taehyung’s muscles are harder to knead out than a three hundred pound rugby player’s.

He grabs the apricot kernel oil, Tahyung’s personal favourite and a hand towel before he steps out into the bedroom. He smiles when he sees Taehyung waiting on the bed for him, wearing a ratty t-shirt of Jeongguk’s and some pajama shorts. As much as Jeongguk loves Taehyung in lingerie, he loves seeing him in clothes like these too. Just comfy, old clothes that he’s not put on to impress anyone, not even Jeongguk, just for himself.

He adores that so much.

"Are you comfy?"

Taehyung nods. “Very.”

“Lay on your tummy for me, baby,” Jeongguk instructs as he lights the candles they have around the room, even turns on Taehyung’s fairy lights. This isn’t what he’d do for a regular client, far from it. But Taehyung’s his favourite client, he gets special treatment. “Any areas you want me to take a look at?”

Taehyung assumes the correct position, no pillow under him, just laid flat so none of his joints and bones are in the wrong place. “My lower back is a little tight.”

“How long’s it been like that for?”

Taehyung says nothing.

Frowning, Jeongguk steps over to the side of the bed. “Taehyung.”

“A couple weeks?” a quiet voice says meekly.

Jeongguk’s frown deepens. “And why didn’t you tell me?”

Taehyung just huffs. “Thought it’d go away.”

“You mean you didn’t want to bother me,” Jeongguk corrects, pushing Taehyung’s shirt up to his shoulder blades.

The silence speaks volumes.

“Daddy…” Jeongguk sighs, grabbing the oil to squeeze some onto his hands. He rubs his palms together to warm it up to his body temperature. “You tell me these things, okay? I love to help you. I don’t get to do it nearly as much as you help me, so let me.”

Taehyung lifts his head at that, looking back at him. “Hey. Don’t say that, that’s not true. You help me all the time.”

“Yeah? With what.”

Just as Jeongguk’s about to start on Taehyung’s back, he rolls to the side and away from his hands, frown deep. “You help me every single day, sweetheart. In ways I can’t even explain. Just having you with me all the time helps me. It doesn’t need to be this huge thing for it to be important. Look at me.”

Jeongguk lifts his gaze from the floor. “Just… feel like I don’t get many opportunities like this to look after you. I get worried that you’re keeping your problems from me because you don’t think I can—”

“No, stop right there,” Taehyung interrupts, sitting up and shuffling closer to Jeongguk. “Jeongguk. You are constantly looking after me. I know I’m a little crazy right now, but without you here, I would be a million times worse. In fact,” he takes one of Jeongguk’s oily hands in his own, rubbing at the  T  Jeongguk got tattooed between his thumb and index finger. “The reason it doesn’t seem like I need to be taken care of all the time is because you do it naturally. Does that make sense?”

Jeongguk looks between Taehyung’s big, beautiful eyes, wide and open. “Yes, daddy,” he says softly, heart thrumming quickly in his chest and cheeks warm. “I get what you’re saying.”

Taehyung smiles softly, stretching up on his knees and presses a kiss to Jeongguk’s cheek. “Good. Now please help your pitiful client with his old joints.”

Jeongguk grins, easing Taehyung back down onto his belly and begins working out the knots in his back, gently working the blood through his muscles to relax them.

Not ten minutes later is Taehyung snoring softly, fast asleep.

Right now they’re going through a scary time, a new challenge for their relationship. But they’re taking care of each other and he can feel their bond only growing stronger and each day.

As long as they’ve got each other, they can get through anything.

Jeongguk thinks he has an idea for his vows.

"Goodnight, daddy."