1.

Sanemi had always thought that him and Tomioka would end up either fucking or fighting to death.

Tonight, Sanemi thinks it’s finally going to happen. The outcome, going by how the night is shaping up, is 50/50. Heads, Sanemi fucks Tomioka through the floor. Tails, he runs a sword through him instead.

“Shinazug—nemi-san,” Giyuu’s whittling, airy voice whines, and Sanemi almost bites through his tongue.

“What, Tomioka, huh? What the  fuck  do you want?”

Tomioka is a  shit  drunk. A shit drunk and the worst lightweight Sanemi’s ever met. Ever since he took a sip of his first drink, he’s done nothing but talk. He talks nonsense, plucking words from the crevices of his cotton-padded brain and stringing them together backwards and upside-down until Sanemi’s fist starts twitching with the urge to knock him out.

Tomioka blinks at him, looking lost and a little offended, like he can’t fathom why Sanemi is so impatient. Sanemi twitches again. For the rest of his life, he swears to himself, he’s never letting Tomioka get even a  whiff  of alcohol ever again.

“My name is Giyuu,” Tomioka says, and Sanemi hears the glass in his hand crack.

“Your name is Tomioka fucking Giyuu,” Sanemi snarls, and Giyuu blinks again, eyes shiny and wet.

“Why are you so,” Giyuu hiccups here, interrupting his line of speech, reaching up to tug a dark lock of hair out of his ponytail and over his face, “s-so, mean?”

Sanemi stares at him, hard. He’s buzzed enough to admit to himself that Giyuu’s pretty—sort of cute, even, with his hair like that—but not enough to tolerate his ramblings head-on.

Snapping out of it, Sanemi tilts his head back until he’s staring up at the ceiling instead. Anything but Giyuu’s face, which gets prettier the more he looks at it. Even starts using breathing techniques to calm himself down enough to answer.

“What do you mean.”

“Y-You,” Giyuu’s voice wobbles, tapering off like drops of water off melting ice. “You don’t like me.”

Sanemi stays silent, teeth grinding. He can’t see Giyuu, but if he closes his eyes he can imagine that his head’s sloped forward, loose hair framing his pouty eyes—even the insecure line of his hand, grasping at a bottle that’s already empty.

Oh, fuck. He’s fucked.

“I,” Giyuu says, apparently unbothered by Sanemi’s lack of response, “like you. So—”

“What the fuck,” Sanemi says.

“—you should like me, too.”

Bewildered, Sanemi turns his head back to Giyuu. He’s looking right at him, lashes heavy, face red beyond the blush of liquor. Sanemi thinks he looks bonkers. But also—hot. He wants to see how dark he can make Giyuu blush, how far down the pink can spread. Desperately, he tries to reel those dirty thoughts back in—usually they’re easier to control, but when he’s inebriated like this, they run away from him faster than a slippery fish through fleeting fingers.

“I—” Sanemi tries to say something, doesn’t even know what because  fuck  his mind can’t work as fast as Giyuu runs his goddamn mouth. This would be his luck, fuming when Giyuu stays stifling silent during their missions even under Sanemi’s relentless provocation, overwhelmed when the alcohol finally gets him talking.

“If you weren’t a coward,” Giyuu goes on, looking halfway to crying, “you’d fuck me.”

“Fuck you,” Sanemi says without thinking.

Giyuu doesn’t miss a beat. “Yes, please.”

They glare at each other for an indeterminable amount of time. For all Sanemi knows, an hour has passed when Giyuu’s bottom lip starts to tremble. He’s going to lose it, Sanemi thinks. Giyuu first, then him, and by morning light they’ll both have killed each other.

Sanemi isn’t sure who moves first. Maybe he lurched forward, knocking everything off the table to grab Giyuu’s collar and yank him in, Giyuu meeting him halfway. Maybe Giyuu tipped just the slightest bit toward him, the thread snapped, and they collided with the next shaky breath from Giyuu’s small mouth.

Giyuu tastes sweet, tangy like the drink rolling across the floor. His cheeks are soft where Sanemi grips them to keep him in place, warm against the chill of Sanemi’s palms. He bites at Giyuu’s lower lip with little reservation, in part for the torture of the last few hours and in part because he wants to hear the sound Giyuu makes.

What he doesn’t expect is for Giyuu to moan, shuddering, mouth falling open like a trigger. Sanemi grunts, surprised, pushing Giyuu down to his elbows at the same time his tongue sinks into that hot, trembling mouth.

He’s good. Tastes better than anything Sanemi’s ever had and looks even better—dark hair all fanned out behind him, skin blotched red, eyes glittering at the corners.

Sanemi wants to  ruin  him.

Giyuu’s hands grapple at his clothes, feverish and confused, sliding through the fabric without any give. Then he whines into Sanemi’s mouth, hips riding along the rigid shape of Sanemi’s thigh, brows furrowing like he’s in pain.

“God, fucking—” Sanemi can’t speak. He can’t even think. There are too many layers, too many fucking sensations—the parts of Giyuu seared into his own body, the messy, frantic press of their lips, his cock lying hard in his pants. Helpless, he grinds down to meet the slow circle of Giyuu’s hips, drinking up the way it makes Giyuu gasp without air and arch off the floor.

“That’s good, Giyuu, keep going, you fucking bastard—good,” Sanemi groans, dropping his head into the tense column of Giyuu’s throat, riding each wave of pleasure that pulses over him. Combined with the alcohol in his veins, his pent-up frustration is sending him hurtling dangerously fast towards the end.

“ ‘s good,” Giyuu sighs, hands fisted in the front of Sanemi’s uniform, one of his legs hiking over his lower back for leverage to better slot their hips together. “Knew—knew it’d be g-good.”

“Yeah?” Sanemi bites back, almost wants to laugh at the thought of Giyuu thinking about this—that they  both  thought about this, only for it to happen after a mediocre mission, over a bottle of cheap sake and Giyuu’s unfiltered blabbering.

But Sanemi figures it doesn’t matter. As long as he gets to come, he doesn’t care about the means or the methods.

And with the desperate, bitten-off noises that Giyuu’s making, the bead of sweat curling down his forehead, the dirty pressure of Giyuu’s cock against his own, he’s  this  short of getting there. “Fuck, I’m gonna—”

—and it stops. The tide recedes. Sanemi scrambles up to lift himself up, ready to cuss Giyuu out for his low ass stamina, only to stop short.

He’s gone. Eyes shut, head lolled to the side, a line of drool tracking the corner of a mouth gone slack with sleep.

Sanemi drops his head to the hardwood floor, groaning once, trying to get his rapid fucking heartbeat under control. He doesn’t remember the last time his breathing was this ragged.

“Fucking bastard,” Sanemi mutters to the wooden boards crushing his nose. It’s half-hearted, though, without heat. “You were the one who started this. You better fucking finish it.”

He likes to think Giyuu heard him, even when he’s started to snore.

2.

“Hey, Tomioka.”

Giyuu jolts to a stop. Turns, slowly, until he can see streaks of white and jagged scars from the corner of his eye.

“Shinazugawa-san.”

The figure in his peripheral doesn’t move. Giyuu stiffens, ready to continue his departure from the headquarters to his own estate.

“Hey,” Shinazugawa says again. “I need to talk to you.”

“About what?” Giyuu asks, then winces, half-expecting Shinazugawa to swing at him for the question. It’s obvious what he wants to talk about—before their drunken tryst two weeks ago, they didn’t talk at all. What else could it be?

But Shinazugawa doesn’t swing at him. He stays where he is, just as still as Giyuu, and says, “You know what,” in that low, gruff voice Giyuu can still feel pressed into his skin.

Giyuu closes his eyes. When he opens them a second later, he says, “Okay.”

They walk to the Estate in silence, leaving about an arms length of space between them. The entire time, Giyuu keeps his eyes fixed on the path, heart dancing in his chest. He doesn’t know why he’s so anxious, hyperaware of Shinazugawa next to him—the pace of his steps, the soft sounds of his breathing.

It’s only when Giyuu lets Shinazugawa through the door and feels the heat of his body as he passes by that he realizes it’s not anxiety, but anticipation.

Giyuu only has time to shut the door when Shinazugawa grabs him by the waist to crowd him into the nearest wall, caging him in and trapping him there. Giyuu doesn’t protest, breath locked in the back of his throat. He swallows, an audible sound, when Sanemi lowers his head to touch his mouth to the back of Giyuu’s neck.

“This doesn’t,” Giyuu manages to gasp, eyes fluttering at the pinch of Sanemi’s teeth over his nape, “feel like talking.”

“Fuck talking,” Sanemi rumbles, then bites harder. Giyuu crumples against the wall, knees weak. “Would rather fuck you.”

“Oh,” Giyuu says, mind numb, already starting to spiral from the weight of Sanemi at his back, the dirty promise of it. Unlike that first night, when Giyuu woke up without remembering much of anything—just uncontrolled fumbling, blind lust, so much  heat—now, he can feel everything. Can see how easily Sanemi takes him apart, how sweetly he succumbs to it. It’s shameful. Hot. Too much, yet not enough.

“Can I?” Sanemi squeezes Giyuu’s hips, his grip just short of bruising.

“Please,” Giyuu says. He doesn’t even have to think about it.

That does it. Sanemi’s got one hand down Giyuu’s pants and the other up his shirt before the word has even left his tongue. His fingers are cold when they wrap around the length of his cock, sending Giyuu jerking back from the touch and right into Sanemi’s dick. In retaliation, Sanemi shoves his hips forward hard enough to drive Giyuu into the wall.

“Ah,” Giyuu gasps, overcome, barely saving face with a forearm braced in front of him. He can hardly breathe. Sanemi’s fist drags upward along his cock at the same time his fingertip sweeps across a nipple, and Giyuu almost sobs, legs already starting to shake.

The hand down the front of his pants draws back, moving to spread Giyuu’s ass apart. Giyuu slams his eyes shut, fists tight above his head, thighs parting as far as they can in the restrictions of his clothes. When Sanemi touches a dry finger to his hole, Giyuu really does sob, one hand unclenching from the wall and flying back to grab Sanemi’s wrist.

Then—

“North!” A deafening shriek, sharp and piercing, makes him flinch back like he’s been burned. It’s his Kasugaigarasu, perched on the frame of his open window, black wings flapping urgently. “To the North! Demon sightings near Mount Toukanai! Hurry! To the North!”

“Fuck.” Sanemi tightens his grip, crushing Giyuu closer to him for a brief moment before letting him go and stepping back. “Ah, fuck. Sorry.”

Giyuu stays like that, forehead flattened against the wall, breathing slow and deep until he’s sure he can stand without falling over.

When he looks at Sanemi, he finds him looking back at him, something sheepish and vaguely disappointed warring in his face.

“Um,” Giyuu says, feeling his own face start to burn. “Sorry. I have to, uh. Go.”

“Yeah, ‘course,” Sanemi says. He can’t seem to take his eyes off Giyuu’s face.

Giyuu touches the back of his hand to his cheek. Sure enough, it’s hot.

That seems to break Sanemi out of it. He shakes himself vigorously, not unlike a dog. “Guess I’ll get going, then.”

“Yeah.”

Sanemi pauses on his way out, one foot across the threshold, the other still inside the house, to look at Giyuu one more time. Giyuu blinks back at him, his lower lip caught between his teeth. The heat in his face flares up again.

“See you,” Sanemi says, a little awkwardly. “Be safe, okay?”

Giyuu bites harder into his lip. “Okay,” he returns. Then, “See you,” as Sanemi closes the door behind him.

3.

They don’t see each other until the next month, the bad timing of their missions keeping them apart week after week. They send letters as often as they can, though, the tone of them a touch too formal, but it’s something. Something that Sanemi doesn’t really want to think about and thinks about anyway, alongside the memory of thick, dark hair, wide blue eyes, and a trembling voice.

Now, he stares down at the latest communication from Tomioka:  Mission complete. Heading to Kumidaka next week, rendezvous with Tanjirou and co. Free after that.

Sanemi frowns down at the message, eventually curling it up in his palm and setting it aside.

Kumidaka’s only a couple towns west of where he’s at right now. Logically, he should wait. No way it’s going to take more than a couple weeks, and after that he’ll finally have Tomioka to himself. He should wait. Sit here on his ass, maybe explore the locality a little, enjoy this rare moment he has to himself.

But.

(Black hair and white skin, soft, sickly sweet, a fiery blush, full, full eyes, and Sanemi is gone.)

Gritting his teeth, Sanemi scrawls a messy reply on a spare scrap of paper.

Go now. I’ll meet you there.

And now here they are.

Sanemi’s got Giyuu trapped under him, swallowing all the little sounds he’s making. He’d been shy at first, arriving at the establishment with downcast eyes and footsteps fainter than a dove. Sanemi took one look at him, standing there with two fingers twisted into the hem of his haori, and dragged him to the room he’d booked in advance.

“A-ah, Sanemi,” Giyuu muffles against his mouth, shyness forgotten. Sanemi pulls back, leers down at him, tightens his grip on Giyuu’s open thighs until they twitch.  “Sanemi.”

Giyuu’s a bit of a freak, Sanemi’s learned—pretending to be cold and stiff, when all it takes is little manhandling, a mean whisper of  pretty boy, and a twist of the wrist to get him panting.

He’s sure he looks insane. He certainly feels it, with Giyuu under him like this, letting Sanemi do whatever he wants to him. Never before has anyone made him lose control like this, so fast and so violent. Maybe it’s because he’s been on the edge since the last time, when he pushed Giyuu into the wall of his own Estate and nearly plowed him through it. Maybe it’s just Giyuu, with his small, secret smiles and the graceful arch of his hand.

Either way, Sanemi’s going to get off right here, right now, even if it’s the last thing he ever does.

Something must show on his face, because Giyuu unsticks his hand from where it’d been partially covering his mouth, reaching up to rest it nervously over Sanemi’s bare chest. Right above his heart.

His fingertips follow the ridges of a nearby scar, so light Sanemi can barely feel it.  Please, he mouths, and like hell is Sanemi gonna deny him.

“I’ve got you,” Sanemi mutters, almost to himself, and Giyuu’s eyes flash.

He backs up a little, just enough to yank Giyuu’s pants down to his mid-thigh and free his cock. Then he does the same with his own pants before settling back into position, one scarred hand falling between their bodies to grip both their dicks.

Giyuu makes a strangled noise, legs locking at Sanemi’s sides for a tense second before relaxing again. He’s staring at the place where Sanemi’s fingers encircle them both, pupils blown, mouth dropped open. Just the look on his face is close to making Sanemi come. With a swear, he puts his head to the junction of Giyuu’s neck and shoulder and starts to move his hand.

The first few strokes are too dry, the roughness of it making Giyuu choke on a gasp. Then it gets wetter, the slide fast and easy enough to make Giyuu moan to the ceiling, spine bowing off the floor.

“Ah,  ah, Sa-ah—mmh—”

“You’re so fucking loud,” Sanemi says, leaving an indent of his teeth in the high arch of Giyuu’s neck. Giyuu nods mindlessly and twists the fingers of one hand into Sanemi’s hair. He moans again, sharp and drawn-out, and Sanemi’s cock twitches.

He jerks them off faster just to hear it again, unable to find it in himself to care how close he is to coming already. Giyuu sounds like a dream, everything Sanemi’s ever wanted. Picture perfect, fitting seamlessly into the spaces of Sanemi’s body, the cracks of his life.

“Gonna fuck you so deep, Giyuu, until you can’t fucking  walk  without feeling it,” Sanemi groans, knowing that he’s rambling but powerless to stop it.

Just when Giyuu’s starting to hitch his hips up in tiny uncoordinated grinds, something heavy thunks on the other side of the wall closest to them, followed by unintelligible screaming. Sanemi jerks upright, senses peaking in alarm.

Then, “KENTARO! WHAT IS THIS?”

“THAT’S TOMIOKA-SAN’S ROOM, YOU IDIOT!”

“Fuck,” Sanemi says. “Shit.”

He pulls his sticky hand away and sits back on his heels. Looks down, wincing at the angry red of his cock, standing hard against his navel. “Fuck,” he says again.

The little shits are early. Of fucking  course.

“The kids are here,” Giyuu says, quietly, like it’s somehow his fault, eyes still damp and cloudy as he pulls himself up. Even he’s starting to look disappointed, the corners of his red mouth creasing against his will as he tucks himself back into his pants and combs unsteady fingers through the knots in his hair.

Sanemi sucks in a heavy lungful of air, then blows it out through his teeth. Stays there, hands planted on his knees, until his dick has softened enough to put away.

“Shall we go?” Giyuu says, already standing by the door, sword by his side. His cheeks are still vaguely pink, but his eyes have cleared.

Sanemi takes another deep breath, defeated.

“Fine.”

4.

“Holy fucking  shit, Tomioka.”

Giyuu glances up from where he’s kneeling on the floor between Sanemi’s legs. Lingers on his expression—the dilated eyes, the taut jawline—before turning his head to press a kiss to the curve of Sanemi’s cock.

Sanemi just blows out another profanity, one hand unfisting from his side to twine into Giyuu’s hair.

“If you’re gonna do it,” he spits out, voice strung tight, “do it. Don’t be a fuckin’ tease.”

“Okay,” Giyuu says, and licks a long line up to the head. Sanemi’s hold on his hair tightens, dragging Giyuu closer until the tip pushes into the part of his lips. Giyuu just hums, welcoming the rough treatment, and finally lowers his mouth over Sanemi’s cock. Strokes his tongue along the underside and circles it around the head, dipping briefly into the slit. Jerks what he can’t fit with the hand he has wrapped around the base of Sanemi’s dick.

“Take it all the way,” Sanemi mutters, hips lifting off the floor to nudge the head of his cock against the back of Giyuu’s throat. He gags a little, but quickly adjusts, pulling off to catch his bearings. “I know you can.”

“Mmh,” Giyuu leans forward again, mouth aching slightly from the stretch of taking Sanemi inside, eyes watering. He inches down carefully, farther than the first time, pushing past the tight clasp of his throat.

“Fuck, yeah,” Sanemi sighs, “that’s good—real good, Tomioka.”

Then two things happen at once. One, Giyuu slides the entire length of Sanemi’s cock down his throat. Two, the door slides open with a click.

“Oh my,” Shinobu says pleasantly, a wicked smile stretching over her face. “Tomioka-san, what’s this?”

Giyuu chokes, horribly. He throws himself back at the same time Sanemi shoves at his shoulder hard enough to knock him on his ass. Desperately, he tries to catch the drool that falls from his open mouth.

“Do you not know how to fucking knock?” Sanemi yells, bright red as he turns on his side, away from Shinobu, to frantically zip himself up.

Giyuu wipes his mouth on the back of his hand with a grimace.

“I would, Shinazugawa-san,” Shinobu says, completely unfazed, “but how was I to know Tomioka-san had someone over? He’s always alone in here. Also, the door was unlocked.”

“Shit, whatever.” Sanemi’s still facing the wall. Giyuu pointedly keeps his eyes glued to the white of his knuckles, clenched tight over his knees.

No one moves.

“Get the fuck out!”

“Oh, my apologies,” Shinobu chirps, clasping her hands together as she sweeps out of the room.

5.

Exactly twenty-three days later, Sanemi is the first to arrive at headquarters for their semi-annual meeting. Upon seeing the empty courtyard, he drops his sword to the ground and sits down beside it, resting back on his hands.

Then he closes his eyes, tips his face to the sun, and tries not to scream.

He’s pent-up, goddammit. More than he’s ever been, and it’s all Tomioka’s fucking fault. If he hadn’t gotten so drunk, if he refused to let Sanemi into his Estate, if he didn’t send any letters, and if he learned how to lock his shitty doors, Sanemi wouldn’t be where he is right now. Crawling in his skin and out of his mind to come in something other than his own fist.

It’s just his luck that the second person to arrive is Tomioka himself. Him and his pretty hair and his stupid pretty eyes. Even worse is that he chooses to sit right next to Sanemi despite all the wide open space around them.

Sanemi’s blood burns just from the proximity of Giyuu’s body, like he’s Pavloved himself to get horny around the fucker. Shit, he’s got it so bad. And Giyuu hasn’t even looked at him yet.

“Shinazugawa-san.” Apparently, Giyuu has elected to speak first. Sanemi grunts, eyes still shut. Fine by him.

“I’m sorry,” Giyuu continues, and dammit, he actually sounds sorry. “You must be—frustrated.”

“And you aren’t?” Sanemi flings back, annoyed. Hell yeah, he’s frustrated. He’d like if Giyuu could show it a little too, instead of that infuriating blank, empty void of a face he always has on. Except for when he’s broken and begging under Sanemi, of course.

“I am,” Giyuu admits, and Sanemi opens an eye to sneak a peek at him.

He looks embarrassed, Sanemi finds. Interest piqued, he opens his other eye.

Nervously, Giyuu plucks at the material of his uniform. His sword is laid out in front of him.

“I—want to make it up to you,” Giyuu says. God, why is he so damn awkward?

“Be my guest,” Sanemi says flatly, then closes his eyes again.

A silence falls over them, but not for long. Sanemi hears the shuffling of clothes, the crinkle of paper, and Giyuu scooting towards him. When he feels Giyuu settle into his lap, Sanemi’s so startled he almost throws him off.

He doesn’t, though. Instead, he grits his teeth, wondering what the hell Giyuu’s thinking, and opens his eyes.

Giyuu’s way too close, as Sanemi expects. What he doesn’t expect is the ohagi Giyuu’s holding up to him like an offering.

“What the fuck is this.”

“Ohagi,” Giyuu answers.

“Yeah, no shit. I meant what the fuck are you doing.”

“Apologizing.” Giyuu starts to deflate a little, the sorry ohagi drooping into his lap.

“Oh my god,” Sanemi says, absolutely befuddled. Trust Giyuu to deal with raging sexual frustration with fucking  ohagi. “Just give it to me.”

Giyuu perks up a little, gingerly picking a piece from the pile and holding it up to Sanemi’s mouth.

“I didn’t mean fe—” Sanemi glances away from the ohagi and up at Giyuu’s face, bright and hopeful, and he can’t bring himself to say it. “Fine, whatever. Bring it.”

Giyuu smiles, a small, barely-there thing that still makes Sanemi’s heartrate go haywire. He clicks his tongue in annoyance, but opens his mouth anyway for Giyuu to place the ohagi inside. Then he bites down. And chews.

It’s okay. Not the best he’s ever had, but better than what he predicted.

“Do you like it?” Giyuu asks, tilting forward slightly.

“Yeah—fuck, back off,” Sanemi grumbles, brushing the stickiness from the corner of his mouth. “Shit. It’s fine. You don’t have to apologize, alright?”

Giyuu sits back, still holding the half-eaten ohagi between his fingers. He’s biting at his bottom lip again, making it red. Sanemi zeroes in on it, brain creaking to a stop.

Without thinking, he leans in to take that red lip between his own teeth, sweeping his tongue over the swell of it. Giyuu gasps, surprised, and Sanemi chases the sound into his mouth.

It doesn’t take long for Giyuu to fall into it, ohagi forgotten as he puts both hands to Sanemi’s face. They kiss for a long while, until the sweetness of the dessert has disappeared from Sanemi’s mouth.

“We’re in public,” Giyuu says when Sanemi stops to take a breath, but it’s so lackluster that Sanemi thinks he’s saying it just to say it. Sure enough, he doesn’t resist the next kiss, nor the one after that.

Besides, there’s no one around. The day is quiet. They can have this, if only for a little while longer.

After that, it’s easy to forget where they are. Their kisses turn deeper, messier, until Giyuu’s tongue is in Sanemi’s mouth and his hands are all tangled up in his hair. Until Giyuu’s rocking down in his lap, making little whining noises, halfway to gone in the middle of the Corps headquarters.

“Giyuu,” Sanemi warns, flexing the arm he’s got around Giyuu’s midriff.

Giyuu cracks open a hazy eye, a blush sitting high on his cheeks, locks of dark hair falling from his ponytail to hang loose around his face.

“More,” he whispers.

“Fucking shameless, aren’t you,” Sanemi groans. He loves it, though—especially the way Giyuu’s eyes slam shut and his thighs squeeze at Sanemi’s sides.

“Could fuck you right here, out in the open,” Sanemi bites into the space under Giyuu’s ear, taking vicious satisfaction in the way Giyuu shivers against him. “Bet you’d like it, too.”

“Well,” comes Uzui’s voice, loud and booming, “I wouldn’t complain.”

Sanemi curses savagely, whipping his head away from Giyuu and towards the source. He finds Uzui leaning against a tree about three meters away, arms crossed over his broad chest. He looks so content, the bastard.

“Hey, don’t stop on my account,” Uzui says, an infuriating grin hooking his mouth up. “Although, the others are on their way, and I doubt they’d appreciate this as much as I do.”

“Fuck off,” Sanemi snaps, trying very hard to pretend he doesn’t miss the warmth of Giyuu in his lap as he slides off. He can practically see the dismay rolling off Giyuu in waves, the unbidden frustration of being interrupted for the fifth consecutive time.

They sit there, brooding silently, despite Uzui’s crude attempts to lighten the air. Eventually, even Uzui gives up, leaving them to fume in their own misery until the rest of the Pillars arrive.

They’re never going to fuck, Sanemi realizes. It’s not going to happen. Ever.

Sanemi chances a look at Giyuu, at the troubled crinkle of his forehead, and knows he’s thinking the same thing.

+1.

Only—it might happen now.

But Giyuu can’t jinx their chances, so he bites his mouth to banish the thought and prays that double-triple checking both their schedules, accounting for anyone that could potentially interrupt them, and locking all the doors and windows will finally do it.

“Well, took us long enough to get here, huh, Tomioka?”

Sanemi laughs, twisting his wrist one more time before sliding his oil-covered fingers from Giyuu’s hole and wiping them on the sheets. Giyuu exhales with a shudder, eyes blinking open, struggling to focus on the blurry vision in front of him.

Then Sanemi’s shoving his thighs further apart to jerk him higher, fingers tight on his hips. Giyuu lowers his shoulders to the mattress and turns his face against the pillow, spine bowing under the pressure of Sanemi’s hands on his back.

“You ready?” Sanemi asks, voice already so low, so hot, and Giyuu shivers, nodding. He crouches lower, arching a little prettier, anything that’ll get Sanemi inside him as soon as possible.

But all Sanemi does is make a soft, thoughtful noise, the length of his cock hard against Giyuu’s ass, rubbing over his hole once, twice, and then he’s pressing inside, slow and easy and—

“Fuck,” Giyuu whines, Sanemi forcing him into a deeper arch, lips warm over his skin. He yanks his hips back, sliding the rest of the way inside, and Giyuu crumbles forward, chest sloping to the bed. The angle—

“Fucking  finally,” Sanemi groans, a dark and primal thing that makes Giyuu’s blood pound in his ears. “God, you’re tighter than I thought you’d be.”

“Oh—”

“You like that?” Sanemi bites the words into his ear, voice like flint. “You fucking like this?” He thrusts forward, hard, wrenching a broken moan from Giyuu’s throat. “Such a fucking slut, aren’t you, Giyuu. Just for me. Just  me. You hear that?”

It shouldn’t be as hot as it is, but Giyuu falls for it anyway—fingers gripping for the sheets, swallowing around another moan.

Sanemi leans more of his weight over Giyuu’s back, hands leaving his hips to plant into the space above his shoulders. Above him, Sanemi adjusts his position and fucks him so hard Giyuu goes a little stupid.

“I said,” he murmurs, too soft for the force of his thrusts, “did you hear that?”

“Sanemi,” Giyuu gasps, horrified by how fragile he sounds, and almost folds into the mattress when Sanemi lifts one of his hands to cup it around his neck, barely pressing down. Just that faint touch, the threat of it, is enough to snap Giyuu’s mouth open and let the words flow unbidden. “Yes, yes,  yes, Sanemi, I’m yours, your s-slut, please—”

“Shit,” Sanemi says, slipping out, and Giyuu makes such a mournful noise that he blushes all the way down to his chest. He braces himself, expects Sanemi to curl his lip at him, maybe call him more names. Instead, he turns Giyuu over on his back, leaving Giyuu staring wide-eyed up into his face.

His face—Giyuu feels his blush burn hotter, almost unbearable, because Sanemi’s looking at him like he’s going to fucking devour him. He can’t help but squirm under the heat of it, fucked-out, hanging by a thread.

Sanemi knocks his thighs farther apart, making room to slide his cock back inside.

“Sanemi,” Giyuu gasps, can’t help the way he flutters around Sanemi as he bottoms out.

“What?” Sanemi mouths at the bend of Giyuu’s neck, where he’s starting to tremble from the heavy weight of Sanemi’s cock inside him, motionless. Giyuu moans instead of answering, finding himself at a sudden loss for words.

Sanemi drags his mouth up Giyuu’s face, close enough to pant the words right into his ear. “Want me to fuck you?”

Giyuu feels himself flinch, curling in on himself in shame. “Yes,” he breathes anyway, and parts his lips obediently when Sanemi kisses him, licking into his mouth with a greediness that makes him whine.

When Sanemi pulls away, Giyuu blinks his eyes open to catch him leaning up, licking his lips once before starting to roll into him. Nice and slow, but deeper than before, reaching the place that makes Giyuu shudder, the heat in his belly flare.

“Y’ feel good, Giyuu,” Sanemi says. Giyuu’s eyes cross a little, focusing harder on the timbre of Sanemi’s voice rather than the words. “You feel—fuck, that’s it, gorgeous—so fucking good.”

He can’t stop looking at the thin gleam of sweat over Sanemi’s skin, the way his muscles flex in time with the rough drag of his cock. The rhythm is torturous—Giyuu could move, make it easier on him somehow, but he… He can’t. Doesn’t want to.

Wants to let Sanemi have him like this, instead. Wants to lay here and take it, spread open like some cheap whore, all because he wants to.

“Yeah,  fuck.” Giyuu feels his breath hitch in his throat, fixated on the sight of Sanemi’s dick disappearing between his legs. Then the tip rubs him just right, and Giyuu’s head falls back, thumping to the floor. “Just like th-that.”

Sanemi laughs, a breathless, crazed sound. Then there’s a hand at the base of his neck, just grazing the skin, and Giyuu’s breath rattles erratically in his chest. Oh, he wants… He wants—

“Please,” he manages, voice a pathetic whimper. “Please…”

“What,” Sanemi pants. “You want me to choke you?”

Giyuu nods, heart frozen. Sanemi’s hips jump wildly out of pace, sending Giyuu skidding a couple inches up the bedding.

“You fu—shit, okay,” Sanemi says, voice strained, thin with excitement. His palm seals fully over Giyuu’s throat, more certain than before. Mouth open, Giyuu swallows under the pressure. “Just—tap twice if it’s too much, okay?”

Giyuu struggles to nod, but the second he does, Sanemi’s fingertips start pressing into the tender skin just under his jaw. Just enough to make it hard to breathe, to send his eyes rolling back.

“Harder,” Giyuu rasps, barely audible.

Sanemi groans, breathing labored, hips twitching against Giyuu’s. He mutters Giyuu’s name and strengthens his grip, starting to lose his rhythm.

It gets difficult, then impossible to breathe. He can hear himself gasping, the sound of it desperate and weak. His vision tunnels, blacks out.

Something bright flashes behind his eyelids when Sanemi drives in harder. All that’s left is the tight clasp of his hand on Giyuu’s throat and the hot shape of his cock inside him.

Giyuu’s orgasm hits him without warning. One second, he’s reaching for air without any give, and the next, he feels something wet splatter up his stomach, his hips bucking wildly against the sheets. Sanemi lets go, and Giyuu immediately sucks in a breath so fast and sharp it makes his chest ache. He lets Sanemi fuck him through it, press a kiss to his mouth, and scatter messy praise over his skin like stardust.

Giyuu can tell he’s close, even when his head’s still swimming, lost somewhere in the clouds. So he does his best to pull Sanemi over the edge, nails digging into his shoulder as he clenches weakly around his dick. Sanemi makes a wounded noise in response, completely off beat, one hand squeezing at Giyuu’s waist.

Then he’s pulling out with a vicious swear, climbing up to kneel over Giyuu’s chest and open Giyuu’s mouth with his thumb, pressing down hard on his tongue. With his other hand, he starts to jerk himself, taking a slow, deep breath through his nose and holding it in. Eyes dark, swallowed by desire, trained on Giyuu.

Giyuu whines—a small, desperate whimper of Sanemi’s name molded around his fingers, so quiet he isn’t sure if Sanemi hears him.

Sanemi’s gaze doesn’t flinch, caught on Giyuu’s mouth when the first spurt of come hits his tongue. He groans, hand still stroking along his cock as he spills over Giyuu’s mouth, streaking across his cheek and up the bridge of his nose. His eyes are hooded, clouded over, jaw gone a little slack.

Like an afterthought, Giyuu leans forward to wrap his lips around the head. He sucks gently, cheeks hollowing, the tip of his tongue tracing gently over the skin. It must ride the line between oversensitive and pleasurable, if the way Sanemi’s face twists is any indication.

For a long moment, they stay there, without moving. Giyuu can see satisfaction in Sanemi’s face, but also awe, like he can’t believe they’re here.

Fleetingly, Giyuu remembers their first time—the way they had stared at each other back then, daring the other to back down. Now, with Sanemi’s come drying on his skin, it’s almost laughable.

“Shit,” Sanemi breathes out, finally pulling himself away and pushing off Giyuu.

“Just so you know,” he continues, eyeing Giyuu as he sits up to wipe the come from his face with a spare towel he set aside earlier. “I’ve never spent as much time and energy on a lay as I have on your sorry ass.”

Giyuu smiles down at the floor. He folds the dirtied towel in half, then in quarters.

“What are you laughing about now? You’re shit at cleaning yourself, by the way.”

“Not laughing,” Giyuu says.

“Give me that,” Sanemi gripes, snatching the towel from his open palm.

Giyuu lets Sanemi clean him up instead, trying not to wince at the rough way he does it. No matter how hard he tries, though, he can’t quite wipe the stupid smile from his face.

“Fuck it,” Sanemi mutters, throwing the towel down, and kisses it off for him.